The unique identifier of the API for which the policy configuration is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the web client that will receive stream updates.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart series to be cleared.
The webidtype parameter specifies the type of web ID used to identify the set of stream updates to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the device management autopilot policy status detail.
get the comments that the users in { ids } have posted in reply to the single user identified in { toid }. this method is useful for extracting conversations, especially over time or across multiple posts. { ids } can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for user _ id on user or shallow _ user objects. { toid } can contain only 1 id, found in the same manner as those in { ids }. the sorts accepted by this method
Retrieve a list of calendar entries associated with the user.
The name of the vault for which usages are to be fetched.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
List of properties to include in the response, specified as a comma-separated list.
Creates a new navigation property reference to oauth2PermissionGrants for the specified service principal using the service principal's ID.
The name of the resource group where the analysis services server is located.
The version of the API used for the operation.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The number of seconds to wait for the request to complete before timing out.
The unique identifier for the campaign.
The domain to perform a whois query on.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection to be deleted.
The `document` call generates a quote document and returns the generated document URL. You can directly access the generated quote file through the returned URL. This call should be used exclusively from Zuora Quotes. The maximum export file size is 2047.
The name of the application control VM/server group.
A string parameter used to filter the list of jobs associated with the specified data lake analytics account.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy setting state summary.
Filter to retrieve specific sitesources based on compliance criteria.
The unique identifier for the company.
End date and time of the audience analysis period.
A unique identifier for the repricing rule.
Indicates whether the return client request ID is enabled, typically used to track requests in distributed systems.
Minimum longitude value to filter search results for word file entries.
Client session identifier used to track the request across the system.
returns aggregate for calls
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The unique identifier for the access package resource to be updated in the identity governance navigation property.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
Gets a rule at the specified priority.
The parameter describes a trace span identifier used for tracking and monitoring operations within the system.
search query for filtering role assignment requests
The unique identifier for the account associated with the cluster.
The expand query parameter specifies the resource properties to include in the response.
The name of the server where the vulnerability assessment is being created or updated.
The parameter description is: The ID of the OneNote section to copy to.
Updates the minor gridlines navigation property for a specific workbook chart identified by its ID.
The file suffix used to identify mb bathymetry entries.
The parent resource for the debug token, typically representing the app or project context.
The name of the resource group that contains the web app.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A filter expression used to narrow down the time series values returned in the response.
The name of the namespace for which the authorization rule is to be deleted.
Gets a list of distribution IDs for distributions that have a cache behavior associated with the specified cache policy. You can optionally specify the maximum number of items to receive in the response. If the total number of items in the list exceeds the maximum that you specify, or the
The unique identifier of the drive item representing the workbook.
Maximum latitude for the search area.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the event.
The navigation property that references the submitted resources in the education context.
The unique identifier of the section group to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the clickwrap to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
Search term for retrieving section groups from groups.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the organization for which the distribution group is being retrieved.
Number of pictures to retrieve from financials data.
The employee revision that corresponds to the given revision number.
A token that specifies the page in the result set to return.
The unique identifier of the scheduler to retrieve.
The revenue schedule number used to identify the specific revenue schedule for updating custom fields on revenue items.
The issuer parameter specifies the URL of the OpenID Connect identity provider.
The version of the API being used.
Number of videos to return per page.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
API key used for authentication, must be provided in the request header.
The Azure subscription ID associated with the storage account.
The name of the Lambda function to which the alias configuration will be updated.
The unique identifier for the account to be updated.
The unique identifier for the web-based security entry.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
Sets the identifier of the navigation property to term in the term store.
The allocation ID of the Elastic IP address. This parameter is used to specify one or more Elastic IP addresses by their allocation IDs.
The unique identifier for the project.
Specifies the health state filter to optionally filter the collection of health events reported on the deployed service package.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the application gateway to retrieve.
The name parameter represents the resource group name, which is a string identifier for the resource group in the backend.
The name of the service associated with the API.
Number of records to skip for the result set
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The project associated with the user.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the entities by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the field by which to order the results.
A token to specify the next page in the list.
The maximum number of products to return.
The unique identifier for the email template to be edited.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property schema for applications.
Number of entries to skip for pagination purposes.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The scope of the role assignment to be deleted.
Indicates whether the network is owned by a specific entity.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property rubrics related to education.
Fields to retrieve for the board.
The unique identifier for the package to be associated with the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain.
Creates a new navigation property to sublabels for data classification.
Specifies the maximum number of review objects to return.
The parameter describes the ID of the print task to be deleted from the navigation property tasks associated with a print object.
The unique identifier for the education user.
The API version used for retrieving reservation details within the specified date range.
The phone number for which the QR code image is to be generated.
The ID of the permission scheme to be deleted.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage API interactions.
returns the suggested edits a users in { ids } have submitted. { ids } can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for user _ id on user or shallow _ user objects. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the suggested _ edit object : - creation - creation _ date - approval - approval _ date does not return unapproved suggested _ edits - rejection - rejection _ date does not return
The unique identifier for the collection whose version details are to be viewed.
offset is an integer parameter used to specify the starting point for listing id4ns of a specific id4n related to privilege.
The unique identifier used to track the migration of an object across Atlassian applications.
The project identifier for the scope in which the targetgrpcproxy is to be deleted.
Specifies the caching behavior for the response, controlling how and for how long the response can be cached by clients or intermediaries.
The unique identifier of the partition associated with the replica.
The unique identifier for the chat from which permission grants are to be retrieved.
This method is used to initiate a payment at the ASPSP. It supports variants of payment initiation requests, allowing the request to be sent with either a JSON body or a pain.001 body, depending on the payment product specified in the path.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the user profile associated with the campaign.
Information about where you can retrieve the inference result.
The unique identifier of the term to which the navigation property reference is being deleted.
The unique identifier for the function to be updated.
The unique identifier of the access package resource role to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the number order document to be updated.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a device compliance script state.
Number of columns to skip from the beginning
The name of the resource group that contains the integration runtime.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
Indicates whether to retrieve detailed information about the child instances of the DICOM patient.
field selector for the lookup of the list or watch request
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted as a navigation property for users.
The start date for filtering the suppression list.
instructs the driver to forcefully remove the volume
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the drive.
The number of sources to return per page.
Name of the application for which the build service status is being reported.
The unique identifier (ID) of the onenotesection to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of access package resources retrieved from the identity governance system.
Creates or updates a scaling policy for an auto scaling group. Scaling policies are used to scale an auto scaling group based on configurable metrics. If no policies are defined, the dynamic scaling and predictive scaling features are not used. For more information about using dynamic scaling, see target tracking scaling policies and step and simple scaling policies in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling documentation.
The name of the secret key to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the CDN profiles.
The identifier of the access package resource environment to be deleted.
The name of the creative to be updated.
The unique identifier for the site.
The project associated with the instance to be resumed.
Specifies the field to sort the activities by.
The new name for the virtual folder.
The version of the API to use when making requests.
The authorization token required to access the workflow details.
The update summary of the specified device name.
The unique identifier for the section group within the site.
Returns a database user name and temporary password with temporary authorization to log on to an Amazon Redshift database. The action returns the database user name prefixed with `iam:` if `autoCreate` is false or `iama:` if `autoCreate` is true. You can optionally specify one or more database user groups that the user will join at log on. By default, the temporary credentials expire in 900 seconds. You can optionally specify a duration between 900 seconds (15 minutes) and 3600 seconds (1 hour).
The unique identifier (ID) of the directory setting template.
The starting point or index from which to retrieve the list of quality concern codes.
route names and numbers for all routes
Converts a date string into 'yyyymmdd' format.
API version for the recommendations on purchasing reserved instances
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription record.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the maximum number of metadata templates to retrieve.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
The API version used for retrieving reservation details within the specified date range.
Filter the iosupdatestatuses results based on specified criteria.
The authorization token required to access the holiday scheme tags.
The version of the API being used.
Filter criteria for retrieving tasks from groups.
The unique identifier for the merchant.
Ordering criteria for the sections retrieved from sites.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification to the pool, used for conditional requests.
The name of the resource group.
The date of the OCP pool.
The unique identifier for a reservation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
information about the scaling activities in the account and region. when scaling events occur, you see a record of the scaling activity in the scaling activities. for more information, see verifying a scaling activity for an auto scaling group in the amazon ec2 auto scaling user guide. if the scaling
Filter deposit methods by the name of the processor that handles them.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results.
Number of pictures to retrieve from financials data.
availability is an expensive call. if you search availability for all resources then you should only do so for a single date. if you decide to search availability for multiple dates you should only do so for a specific resource by specifying the optional resourceid parameter. start and end times are specified as military times e.g. 800 = 8:00am, 2230 = 10:30pm. you will only see availability within the boundary of your business start and end times. dayavailability will
The name of the peering associated with the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The metadata field contains additional information about the partner, which can be retrieved by appending `/metadata` to the PUT URL.
The object for which the IAM policy is to be updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies whether to include the count of matching resources in the response.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether the file's content should be used to generate text that is indexable by search engines.
The name of the site for which recommendations are being retrieved.
filter parameter to narrow down the steps retrieved from role management
The unique identifier of the principal.
The zone parameter specifies the geographical or logical location for the queued resource.
The multivalue legacy extended property identifier.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The direction in which the datapoints should be sorted (e.g., ascending or descending).
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the diagnostic configuration.
The name of the provisioning service to be deleted.
The name of the service fabric property to retrieve.
The maximum number of groups to retrieve statistics for.
The name of the resource group where the jobs are located.
The identifier of the access package assignment resource role to be deleted.
The end parameter specifies the end time for the CPU metrics retrieval, defined as a timestamp in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier of the team whose navigation property tabs are to be updated.
The country code for which the featured playlists are to be retrieved.
Specifies the properties to include in the response, allowing for the expansion of related resources or detailed information.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the connection monitor to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The propagation policy for the CSI storage capacity.
Filter the list of file servers based on specified criteria.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the Redis cache.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned, based on the specified property.
The unique identifier for the managed app operation.
An array containing pages retrieved from specified sites.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned.
The status to be set for the SSH public key (active or inactive).
The navigation property font in workbooks that needs to be updated.
Search query for filtering user experience analytics application health device model performance data by device model.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the scope for which the private endpoint connection is being approved or rejected.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
Number of columns to retrieve from the drive.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the access package resource scope.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
Returns a list of users who can be assigned issues in one or more projects, with optional filtering by user attributes. The results are paginated using `startAt` and `maxResults`, up to a maximum of 1000 users. The actual number of returned users may be less than `maxResults` if not all users in the range meet the criteria.
Reactivation will fail for tasks that are not completed or that previously completed successfully (with an exit code of 0).
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the long-running operation to be deleted.
The timeout duration in seconds for the operation.
The parameter describes the route table to be retrieved.
A string representing the signature used to authorize multiple transactions through a single Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) method.
The unique identifier for the certificate to be deleted from the provisioning service.
The unique identifier for the lexeme to be partially updated.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The project identifier for which the list of available licenses is retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Retrieve an array of task definitions related to printing.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Authentication token for accessing the route information.
Search for entries of type census gazeteer counties by area of water, where the area is specified as a number.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related section details or metadata.
configuration parameters for log delivery settings
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with a user, where the result is returned as an array.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
Specifies the maximum number of anomalous metrics to return in the response.
The unique identifier of the drive item from which bundles are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Ordering parameter for sorting the certificate-based authentication configuration references by a specified field.
The IP address from which the event originated.
The navigation property title in workbooks
The scope of the role assignment to be deleted.
Specifies the hydrologic unit code for filtering the query results.
Specifies the FIPS code for filtering the query results.
The number of records to return per page.
The unique identifier for the user whose section groups are to be retrieved.
The starting point for the list of globally suppressed email addresses.
A filter to apply to the list of integration account sessions.
The name of the resource group where the container services are located.
The name of the cloud endpoint to retrieve.
The parent resource name, typically in the format projects/{project_id} or organizations/{organization_id}, specifying the project for which budget details are being retrieved.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies the field to order the role eligibility schedules by.
The name of the hub from which to retrieve the widget type.
The maximum number of systems to retrieve.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
Ordering criteria for the list items.
Specifies whether analysis events should be excluded from the response list of application event objects.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The date and time to send the message, specified in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The name of the network interface to retrieve information for.
The name of the sub-account.
The version of the API being used.
The number of results to return.
Specifies the field by which articles should be sorted.
The period coverage for the publication, specifying the time range of the spending pulse report.
The unique identifier for the profile associated with the placement strategy.
List of keywords to search for, must contain at least one keyword, consist only of letters and numbers, and have a length between 3 and 64 characters.
The unique identifier of the drive item to unfollow.
Specifies the details to include in the response for the network interface.
The name of the resource group where the application gateway is located.
The path to the attribute category.
The unique identifier for the API.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
A unique identifier for the client operation.
label selector to filter flowschemas
The algorithm used to generate the thumbprint of the certificate.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of results to return.
The number of records to return.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
maximum longitude value for filtering campaign expenditure entries
The name of the resource group.
converts a pdf into words / text with location information and other metdata via optical character recognition. this api is intended to be run on scanned documents. if you want to ocr photos ( e. g. taken with a smart phone camera ), be sure to use the photo /
List of activities for a specific customer's account and application, such as the admin console or Google Drive application.
The unique identifier for the image store upload session.
describes reserved instance offerings that are available for purchase. with reserved instances, you purchase the right to launch instances for a period of time. during that time period, you don't receive insufficient capacity errors, and you pay a lower usage rate than the rate charged for on - demand instances for the actual time used. if you have listed your own reserved instances for sale in the reserved instance marketplace, they will be excluded from these results. this is to ensure that you don't purchase
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
An object representing the connection envelope for a gateway in a connected virtual network, used to either add or update the gateway configuration.
The unique identifier for the access package resource environment.
format of the output data, such as JSON or TSV
fields is a string parameter used to specify the fields to retrieve in the request.
The unique identifier for the GPG key.
The unique identifier for the notebook associated with the parent section group.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network is located.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The identifier of the group to which the parent notebook belongs.
A string used to filter the list of event tags based on a search query.
Retrieve a list of entities from the contacts data source.
The sectiongroup ID to retrieve pages from the specified user section group.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The maximum creation time for target executions of a job step execution.
Updates the status of a list of leave requests based on provided IDs and a target status. Processes each request individually, committing successful updates to the database while skipping those with errors. Returns a 400 Bad Request response if any error occurs, including details about the error and the affected ID (GUID).
The unique identifier for the drive item to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The user agent string used for identifying the user in automatic payment auto allocated settings.
The type of resource for which deny assignments are being retrieved.
The mailfolder ID to delete the childfolders navigation property for.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the job schedule operation before timing out.
The unique identifier for the conference.
The page number for pagination.
The version of the API associated with the custom domain.
A unique identifier for the request, used to track and correlate client-side operations.
The unique identifier for the feature flag in the specified environment.
The unique identifier for the asset server.
A string representing the zap trace span label.
A filter to apply to the service attachments list.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
set properties for the filesystem
retrieves a list of items
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property attachments in users.
Specifies the field by which the events should be ordered.
Number of items to skip in the result set.
Errors from the education synchronization profile identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier for the event.
The version of the API used to create or update the threat detection policy.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the maximum number of extensions to retrieve.
The name of the resource group where the API Management service instance is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Whether to watch for changes to the objects.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The ID of the advertiser for which the remarketing lists are being retrieved.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with the specified entity.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to manage attachment notes.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for expanded details in the runsummary data.
The unique identifier for the sitesource.
The AWS data partition associated with the policy.
List of related resources to include in the response.
The CIDR block to reserve for the subnet.
The unique identifier for the quota request, returned as a response to the PUT requests for service limits.
Specifies the maximum height for the images of the pages in the template document.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB MongoDB database.
The unique identifier of the DICOM patient in Orthanc.
Updates the specified commitment with the data included in the request. Update is performed only on selected fields included as part of update mask. Only the following fields can be modified: auto_renew, name.
The season for which the standings are being requested.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The scope of the search features.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The name of the express route circuit.
The version of the API to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the list.
The name of the resource group where the frontend endpoint is located.
name: The name of the operation resource. This can be overridden in service configuration to use different resource name schemes, such as users/*/operations.
A token that you can use to get the next page of results.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the route filter to be updated.
Specifies the field by which the list of sites should be sorted.
The unique identifier for the request.
The geographical location of the storage account.
The unique identifier for the invoice.
Indicates whether to include the total count of records in the response for pagination purposes.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the resource group that contains the web app.
The version of the API being used.
Updates the environment description, deploys a new application version, updates the configuration settings to an entirely new configuration template, or updates select configuration option values in the running environment. Attempting to update both the release and configuration is not allowed and AWS Elastic Beanstalk returns an InvalidParameterCombination.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the watcher.
Maximum number of routes to return
Creates a new navigation property reference to the detected apps for a user identified by their unique ID.
The unique identifier for the profile.
Number of devices to skip for the current result set.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the service fabric property to be deleted.
The navigation property to single-value extended properties for a user, identified by the specified ID.
Token used for authentication to retrieve card attachments by card ID.
The parent catalog associated with the project.
The name of the resource group containing the SQL Server private link resource.
The name of the container registry for which scope maps are listed.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The maximum number of results to return.
Specifies the order in which results are returned.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search for entries of type amrc final qc data by specifying the site name as a string.
search criteria for filtering active auction cars, including geographic location, year, make, model, and other specified parameters to narrow down the results.
The parent identifier for the mute configuration.
The API version to use for the request.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter specifies the number of results to return, either facilities or clusters, based on the search criteria.
The name of the cluster to query for compute node IP addresses and ports.
The maximum number of results to return.
The unique identifier of the log to be deleted.
The project identifier for the instant snapshot.
Specifies the type of instructions to be returned for the route, such as turn-by-turn directions or alternative routes.
The ownership ID used to filter results for the market specified in the basic authentication credentials.
The account name associated with the capacity pool.
Specifies the field to order the manifests by.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the message.
A filter to narrow down the list of job schedules based on specific criteria.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property will be added.
Gets all the connector mappings in the specified connector.
read a range of table elements from the specified integer64 table
Checks if a namespace is available in Bluemix for setting up a private Docker images registry for an organization. A 201 status indicates the namespace is taken, while a 404 status means it's available.
The name of the workspace associated with the alert rule to be deleted.
The maximum number of directories to retrieve from applications.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The singleValueLegacyExtendedProperty to be deleted, identified by its unique ID.
The unique identifier for the player.
The project identifier where the commitment will be created.
The name of the invoice section for which the role assignment will be deleted.
aggregated latency information for the network, grouped by node
The maximum number of messages to return. This parameter is optional and defaults to 10. The maximum allowed value is 10, and the minimum allowed value is 1.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Specifies the access permissions to be updated for the user within the developer account.
The unique identifier for the chat message hosted content.
The unique identifier for the iOS LOB app provisioning configuration.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The value of this parameter must be a date and time string in ISO 8601 format. If specified, the operation will only return results that have been modified since the given time.
The region where the specified resource is located.
The parameter 'driveitem - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, specifically used to reference a workbook in the context of deleting its associated navigation property for fonts.
The date and time at which the resource was last modified, used to check if the resource has been updated since a specific point in time.
The name of the artifact source to create or replace.
The unique identifier for the tenant.
The unique identifier of the principal whose permissions are being described.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters support various operators. For more information, see Filtering on a nested field.
Specifies the number of repositories to return per page.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the specified application.
The identifier for the data source used to create the squad.
The name of the resource provider namespace for the preview feature.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the packet capture session.
Number of extensions to skip
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The unique identifier of the message to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the targeting option assigned to a partner.
The name of the snapshot to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event being forwarded.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property format associated with workbooks.
The identifier of the user flow attribute to be deleted.
Compiles the bot, updating any changes made to the files. The most recent version becomes available for conversation after successful compilation. A 400 error indicates compilation failure due to syntax issues in the files or an invalid bot name. Check the results field for detailed error information.
The private endpoint connection identifier for the policies resource.
Number of organizations to return per page (default: 30).
Specifies a token to skip to a specific point in the result set, enabling pagination through large datasets.
Indicates whether the client request ID is returned in the response.
The pool ID of the compute node.
Specifies the number of items to return per page.
Name of the event to count within the specified time range and interval.
API key for authenticating the user making the request.
search query for filtering owned devices
The unique identifier for the device whose most recent position is being retrieved.
Specifies whether to replace an existing file in the story.
The name of the load balancer to be deleted.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property multivalue extended properties for users.
The multivaluelegacyextendedproperty ID used to retrieve the multivalue extended properties for the current user.
The name of the volume for which the replication status is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the asset resource to be deleted.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to upgrade.
The unique identifier for the review comment on the pull request.
The API version to check for deployment existence.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving insights related to business calls for a location
The path of the parent resource.
Shuts down the specified instances. This operation is idempotent; if you terminate an instance more than once, each call succeeds. If you specify multiple instances and the request fails (for example, because of a single incorrect instance ID), none of the instances are terminated. If you terminate multiple instances across multiple availability zones, and one or more of
search for articles using various filters such as `brandfamily`, `category`, or a specific `color`. Refer to [filters](https://todo) for a complete list of available filter options. The default `pagesize` is 20, which can be adjusted via the `pagesize` request parameter, with a maximum limit of 200. The endpoint also supports pagination and other query optimizations.
The unique identifier of the access package resource role to be deleted.
The navigation property to attachments for groups.
The number of items to return in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
The offer associated with the platform image to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
List existing content block information.
The name of the site for which recommendations are being retrieved.
Specifies caching behavior for the request, determining how and when the response should be cached.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The name of the experiment for which the latency scorecard is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the section group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
The source of the volume annotations.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the API.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the user to be deleted.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the application.
The attachment is not visible to the requesting user.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The name of the CDN profile for which the quota and actual usage of endpoints are being checked.
The navigation property 'line' in the 'workbookworksheet' entity, identified by the specified 'id', is updated.
retrieves information about the specified version of the specified managed policy, including the policy document. policies returned by this operation are url-encoded compliant with RFC 3986. you can use a URL decoding method to convert the policy back to plain JSON text. for example, if you use Java, you can use the decode method of the java.net.URLDecoder utility.
The user parameter specifies the user for whom the allowed calendar sharing roles are being invoked.
The parameter 'machineimage' is a string type that specifies the identifier of the machine image to be retrieved.
The maximum number of results to return.
The multivalueLegacyExtendedProperty ID to retrieve.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
Gets the health of a service fabric stateful service replica or stateless service instance. Use EventsHealthStateFilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the cluster based on the health state. Use ApplicationHealthPolicy to optionally override the health policies used.
search string to match user attributes   issuekey to find users who can browse a specific issue   projectkey to find users who can browse any issue in a project   startat to define the starting index for the results (default: 0)   maxresults to limit the number of results returned (default: 50, max: 1000)
The unique identifier for the call associated with the audio routing group.
The unique identifier for the merchant account.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes a string identifier for an item activity in the drive, used to retrieve a specific list item.
Authentication token for accessing the API.
Filter to apply to sections retrieval.
API key used for authentication to delete a scheduled override.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway connection.
The team associated with the schedule.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The time period for which logs about connections are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
Converts a date to 'yyyymmdd' format.
The unique identifier for the team member.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
An array of expanded event details to include additional information about each event.
The parameter describes the name of the endpoint to be removed from the CDN.
The unique identifier for the access package catalog.
The number of token lifetime policies associated with the applications.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
The version of the API being used.
The direction of the milestones to be listed.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the workbook chart series, used to specify which navigation property line to delete within workbooks.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
facility identifier used to retrieve monthly and quarterly counts of d80 and d90 effluent non-reporting violations from the EPA's ICIS NPDES system
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The identifier for the calendar from which to delete the navigation property multivalue extended properties.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the IoT hub.
The current status of the jobs being listed.
The geolocation associated with the cash register's QR code.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response, allowing for deeper traversal of the resource graph.
The name of the storage account credential to retrieve properties for.
The unique identifier for the post from which mentions are to be retrieved.
The name of the organization for which the new app is being created.
Specifies a condition to match for terminating a job schedule.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the database.
Indicates whether the API2CRM data synchronization feature is enabled for accounts.
The period for which the Skype for Business participant activity counts are retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the behavior when no match is found for the key.
The number of services to return per page.
Specifies whether the account is raw.
The type parameter specifies the retention policy type.
The identifier for the on-premises agent group associated with the publishing profile.
The unique identifier for the account to be closed.
The unique identifier for the user.
The version of the API to use.
The unique identifier for the item to be rated.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the hierarchical entity model to be updated.
The unique identifier of the runner group.
The name of the VMSS extension to be updated.
The end date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The parameter 'view' is a string that specifies the visual similarity view or mode for the image search.
The location where the virtual machine extension image is available.
The version of the API being used for verifying domain ownership.
The user preferences for a given feature
The API version used for listing customers by billing profile that the current user can work with on behalf of a partner.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Gets a rule from the firewall policy based on the specified priority level.
The email address associated with the user's account on brainbi.net.
The parameter p_law is a string that specifies the legal framework or law under which the cases are being searched.
The number of top addresses to retrieve.
The name of the resource group that contains the data lake analytics account.
page number of the results to fetch
starts asynchronous cancellation on a long-running operation. the server makes a best effort to cancel the operation, but success is not guaranteed. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `google.rpc.code.unimplemented`. clients can use operations.getoperation or other methods to check whether the cancellation succeeded or whether the operation completed despite cancellation. on successful cancellation, the operation is not deleted; instead, it becomes an operation with an operation.error value with a google.rpc.status containing the cancellation status.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property assignmentfilterevaluationstatusdetails with the specified ID will be deleted.
The columns and their data types for the specified collection.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the results by.
Number of tasks to skip before starting to collect the result set.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
Number of records to skip.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the site.
The project identifier or name used to retrieve the project's representation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The `offset` parameter is used to paginate through search results.
The name of the committee donation entry to search for.
The navigation property tasks in users is updated with the specified plannerbucket ID.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property analytics for shares.
The authorization token required to access the employee's auto enrolment assessments.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The name of the packet capture session to be deleted.
Specifies the criteria to filter questions with active bounties offered by the user.
The version of the API being used.
The timestamp before which the datapoints were created.
Number of items to return per page.
The name of the resource group.
An array of entities retrieved from the oauth2PermissionGrants collection.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
The status to set for the notification threads (e.g., "read", "pinned", "unread").
The API version used for the operation that suspends periodic backups for the entire service hierarchy, including all its partitions.
The report journal number associated with the journal run.
The unique identifier for the payroll run, used to retrieve the balance sheet data for the corresponding payroll period.
Deletes all versions of the slot type, including the $LATEST version. To delete a specific version of the slot type, use the DeleteSlotTypeVersion operation. You can delete a version of a slot type only if it is not referenced. To delete a slot type that is referred to in one or more intents, you must remove those references first. If you get the ResourceInUseException exception, the exception provides an example reference that shows the intent where the slot type is referenced. To remove
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The version of the API to be used for the update operation.
The order ID(s) used to filter the inventory items.
Minimum longitude value for the search query.
The name of the short-term retention policy to be updated.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the mailbox to retrieve.
The navigation property representing the conflict summary for device configuration.
The unique identifier for the transcoder from which the property will be deleted.
The name of the restaurant brand.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property is being linked.
The unique identifier for the agreement from which versions are to be retrieved.
The name of the thing group to be updated.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
The project identifier for the VPN gateway.
Indicates whether the response should include a count of items in the attribute groups list.
The unique identifier of the organization whose associated domain preferences are to be deleted.
The navigation property to update for the user, representing the device compliance policy states.
The name of the resource group where the route table will be created or updated.
A token to specify the next page in the list.
The unique identifier of the child to be deleted.
Creates a new navigation property to instances for the calendar group identified by the specified ID.
The identifier of the API for which the issue details are to be retrieved.
Retrieves information about a specific dealer using their unique identifier.
The unique identifier of the issue.
The maximum time allowed for the operation to complete before timing out.
The position where the image will be added relative to other images of the product.
The name parameter represents the name of the resource group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property runsummary for devicemanagement.
A string that specifies the starting point to return a set of results. You can use this parameter when paginating results.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
Specifies whether to count the total number of device configuration states.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Specifies the load balancer to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the stream target that is subject to geo-blocking.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment.
The name of the resource group.
Returns aggregate for calls
Number of device run states retrieved from device management.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The authorization tag to be inserted on the pay instruction.
The identifier for the access package resource scope to be deleted.
Specifies the identifier of the tag to be updated.
The unique identifier of the group to update the navigation property threads for.
The parameter description is: The name of the API version.
The unique identifier for the CIS instruction object, used to insert a new record or update an existing one.
The name of the hub to create or update the relationship link in.
The unique identifier for the account.
Specifies the maximum number of contact folders to return.
The name of the location to update.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group for which notification settings are being updated.
lists all instances in the managed instance group, including their current actions and any errors from failed actions; does not support orderby, and pagetoken is only supported in alpha and beta APIs if the group's listmana
The version of the API to use for generating the VPN profile.
The name of the target project to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the sync member database schema.
filter criteria to apply when retrieving rows from workbooks
The unique identifier for the web-based analysis rule plugin.
Specifies whether to include derived memberships in the result.
Indicates to the Service Fabric cluster that it should attempt to recover the specified service that is currently stuck in quorum loss. This operation should only be performed if it is known that the replicas that are down cannot be recovered. Incorrect use of this API can cause potential data loss.
The device identifier for marking the promo offer as dismissed.
The parameter describes the certificate identifier or name to retrieve information about.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies whether to include comments and attachments in the issue details.
Specifies the date and time after which the pool was last modified, used to filter results.
The unique identifier for the group from which the member is to be banned.
The unique identifier for the video category.
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve a list of versions from the specified drives.
Start date for filtering entries, formatted as a string.
The navigation property 'sections' in the 'groups' entity that is being updated, identified by the specified 'onenotesection' ID.
The unique identifier for the role assignment associated with the device management navigation property.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property targetSchedule for roleManagement.
The identifier of the access package assignment policy for which the navigation property accessPackageResourceScopes is to be deleted.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
This parameter specifies the pool properties to be updated. If the pool has a start task associated with it and the request does not include a start task element, the existing start task remains unchanged.
The name of the virtual network connection.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API used to create the session.
The security baseline state ID to delete the navigation property setting states for device management.
Search query for retrieving column links from sites.
used to manage text notes
The name of the resource group.
search query to filter the results based on keywords, phrases, or concepts
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The maximum number of certificates to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the gym associated with the article.
Type of season (e.g., regular, playoffs)
The unique identifier for the floodlight activity.
The unique identifier for the creative field.
The unique identifier for the task being terminated.
Specifies the maximum number of records to return.
The unique identifier for the event being declined.
The unique identifier for the transaction.
The unique identifier for the account.
The navigation property 'progresstaskboardformat' in the planner resource is updated with the specified 'plannerbucket' ID.
The page number for pagination.
The ID of the section group to be deleted.
The domain name associated with the Windows hosting detail.
The name of the resource group containing the data box edge or data box gateway device.
The `if-modified-since` parameter is a string that specifies the date and time after which the resource should have been modified to be considered for retrieval. It is used to conditionally fetch resources only if they have been updated since the specified timestamp.
The account identifier for the Anchore service.
The name of the virtual machine extension to update.
The unique identifier for the absence period to be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Filter to apply on the single value extended properties of users.
The identifier of the record to start returning results from, used for pagination.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The hostname of the organization's device.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
The type parameter specifies the transaction type to filter transactions.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property multivalueextendedproperties.
Creates an event window for scheduled events on associated Amazon EC2 instances, allowing specification of time ranges or a cron expression (but not both), with all times in UTC. Up to 200 event windows can be created.
Creates a new navigation property linking booking businesses to appointments, identified by a unique string ID.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request within the system.
The maximum number of webhooks to return.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the dismiss reminder action.
Filter criteria for narrowing down the list of employers accessible to the current user.
The ID of the calendar group to retrieve multivalue extended properties for.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user who is dismissing the reminder.
The unique identifier for the patient whose images are to be retrieved.
The name of the Amazon EKS add-on.
Gets the health information of the specified service. If the application health policy is specified, the health evaluation uses it to get the aggregated health state. If the policy is not specified, the health evaluation uses the application health policy defined in the application manifest, or the default health policy, if no policy is defined.
title: The new title for the discussion post.   body: The updated body text for the discussion post.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the column definition to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The authorization parameter is a string used to authenticate and authorize access to the employee tags endpoint.
Specifies the checksum algorithm used to verify the integrity of the data written to the snapshot.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The location of the Azure subscription to evaluate for security improvements.
The authorization token used to authenticate the request.
Specifies whether the locations calculated are accessible by commercial vehicles.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
maximum width for the item's image
Retrieve an array of pictures from the financial records.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage credit card creation requests.
The unique identifier for the merchant.
A description for the Amazon Redshift security group. This helps identify the purpose or context of the security group.
The number of report records to return.
The multivalue legacy extended property identifier used to retrieve the multivalue extended properties from groups.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of records to skip for the result set
departure point or starting location for the route calculation
The character ID to retrieve the corporation history for.
The unique identifier for the check being updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieves the parent notebook associated with the specified groups.
The unique identifier for the calendar permission.
Authentication information for the registry, typically in the form of a token or credentials.
The API version to use for the request.
The team that is batting against the starting pitcher.
The name of the relay to be created.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
The API version for listing all capabilities of an app service plan.
Retrieve the terms and conditions associated with device management.
The parameter 'db' is a string that specifies the database or compound collection to search for compounds containing the specified substructure.
Enables MPEG-TS to M2TS mode conversion for the audio stream.
Retrieve a list of email addresses associated with the user.
Indicates whether to wait for a picture to be uploaded before performing labeled recognition.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the container registry from which the webhook will be deleted.
The parameter describes the SSL certificate resource to be deleted, identified by its name as a string.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier for the advertiser.
The name of the resource group that contains the container service to be deleted.
Specifies the local file location of the avatar to be loaded for the issue type in the request body.
The subscription ID used to retrieve the activation key of the manager.
The project associated with the user.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property sections for users.
Specifies whether to include a count of the user experience analytics categories.
changes the size of the cluster. you can change the cluster's type, or change the number or type of nodes. the default behavior is to use the elastic resize method. with an elastic resize, your cluster is available for read and write operations more quickly than with the classic resize method. elastic resize operations have the following restrictions : you can only resize clusters of the following types
The unique identifier for the event from which attachments are to be retrieved.
Creates a backup of the stateful persisted partition's state. If the partition is already being periodically backed up, the new backup will be created at the same backup storage by default. The backup storage can be overridden by specifying the backup storage details in the request body.
The state of the smart group, indicating its current status within the specified subscription.
The unique identifier of the list item within the drive item.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the account.
Retrieve the aged accounts payable data from the financials module, returning it as an array.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the virtual network to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
Indicates whether the operation should be executed in dry-run mode, allowing validation without actual changes.
The source of the attractions data.
The name of the encryption protector to revalidate.
The login credential used to authenticate the user for external order creation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parent service or context for the imports being listed.
financial data reported periodically by committees, including summary information from House F3, Presidential F3P, and PAC/Party F3X reports; filed quarterly, monthly, or 12 days before primary elections, with updates reflecting amendments to reports.
The unique identifier for the site extension to be installed.
The dataset parameter specifies the security reports data to be retrieved at the host level.
The environment for which the list of available service fabric cluster code versions is retrieved.
The token used for authentication to update the organization membership.
The name of the manager associated with the device.
The unique identifier for the channel from which the user is to be unsubscribed.
The version of the API being used for the get domain service operation.
Unique identifier for the patient's communication record.
Indicates whether unknown fields should be rejected during the update of a credit balance adjustment.
The name of the resource group where the compute is located.
Specifies whether to include uninitialized objects in the list or watch.
The authorization parameter is used to authenticate the request and ensure that the user has the necessary permissions to update payroll tax returns.
The parameter describes a string-type identifier for a user, used to establish a navigation property reference to followedsites.
The version of the API being used.
Filter to retrieve reference of teachers from the education system.
The path to the parent resource.
The name of the resource to update the AAD profile for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The SSL policy resource can be deleted only if it is not in use by any target HTTPS proxy or target SSL proxy resources.
The name of the data lake store account to create.
The unique identifier for the profile being updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The ID of the driveItem representing the workbook.
The unique identifier of the parent task list where the new task will be created.
The parameter 'onenotesection' is a string that represents the ID of the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
Specifies whether the database instance is deployed across multiple availability zones.
Registers a CA certificate with AWS IoT, enabling it to sign device certificates that can be registered with IoT. Up to 10 CA certificates per AWS account with the same subject field can be registered, allowing up to 10 certificate authorities to sign device certificates. When multiple CA certificates are registered, the CA certificate must be provided when registering device certificates using the RegisterCertificate action. Requires permission to access the RegisterCACertificate action.
The unique identifier of the user.
The user IDs to retrieve comments for, separated by semicolons (up to 100 IDs allowed).
The name of the variable to be updated.
page parameter to specify the page number for pagination
Indicates whether to return the client request ID in the response.
Search term for retrieving localizations from agreements.
The name of the deployment template to be created.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API for the service fabric compose application.
Authentication registry for the service.
The ID of the pool to which the user account is associated.
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the request.
starts creating a new cloud spanner backup. the returned backup long-running operation will have a name of the format `projects/{project}/instances/{instance}/backups/{backup}/operations/{operation}` and can be used to track creation of the backup. the metadata field type is CreateBackupMetadata. the response field contains the created backup.
The region for the bunq service, deprecated in favor of a whitelist-based approach.
The name of the job to restart in Azure Site Recovery.
Unique identifier for the request.
The API version used to retrieve metrics for the specified collection and region, split by partition.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The domain for which traffic statistics are being requested.
The name of the event hub.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property 'device' for users.
The timeout value for the request in seconds.
The version of the API being used.
list of stations that are geographically closest to the calling client (based on geoip information)   search of npr stations that match those search criteria (not taking into account the client's physical location)
Retrieves the generated file associated with the specified task ID. The response is a compressed or uncompressed CSV, XML, or JSON file with the appropriate file extension (e.g., .csv.gz). The task must be in a completed or completed_with_error state to retrieve the file.
The number of top resources to retrieve from the sites.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating the cache instance.
The URI to which the user will be redirected after authorization.
The name of the frontend IP configuration for the load balancer.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the parent section group.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task.
A token used to paginate through results, representing a unique identifier for the current page of data.
The specific permission level required to access the organizations.
Maximum number of results to return
The API version to be used for retrieving balances.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The ID of the onenotepage to be deleted.
The language code used to filter the cities.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the process to be dumped.
The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
Filter parameter to specify the subscription ID for listing forecast charges.
sort candidates by their characteristics over time, using the candidate ID as the key for organization.
The name of the Cassandra table within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The navigation property settingstates for the managed device with the specified ID.
The name of the resource group that contains the key vault.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
list of available voices for speech synthesis, including language, gender, and unique voice ID for selection during synthesis.
The parameter 'actions_entities' is of type string and represents the entities involved in the actions related to retrieving boards by board ID.
returns an address identified via its udprn. you may find it useful to store udprn information as it can be used to retrieve the most recent information for an address. it can also be used to test for a "decommissioned" address.
The region where the specified resource is located.
The name of the resource group containing the VPN sites.
The name of the app or deployment slot.
The user login credential required to authenticate the deletion of an existing category.
The number of section groups retrieved from users.
A filter to narrow down the list of backed-up items based on specific criteria.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The name of the resource to perform a consistency check on the fabric.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve multiple extended properties from the current user's context.
The unique identifier for the email authentication method.
A token used to continue a previous list request.
The unique identifier for the partner.
The unique identifier for the user whose multivalue extended properties are being retrieved.
offset parameter to specify the starting point for retrieving server triggers
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier of the trained iteration to be exported.
A list of city identifiers used to retrieve current weather observations for those cities.
Search query string to filter the device management partners.
The unique identifier for the cluster to stop. The cluster must be in the available state.
search query to find resources associated with users
The unique identifier for the event.
Retrieve a list of access packages from the identity governance system.
Number of gists to return per page (max 100)
The unique identifier for the IP access control list.
The timezone parameter specifies the time zone for the time series data in the response.
The API version string that identifies the specific version of the API being used.
The version of the API to be updated.
The name of the resource group where the VPN connection is to be created or updated.
A comma-separated list of fields to include in the response.
Maximum audio bit depth for the video HLS playlist stream.
The starting index for the gift cards list.
The scope of the metadata being updated.
Runs asynchronous image detection and annotation for a list of images. Progress and results can be retrieved through the `google.longrunning.operations` interface. `operation.metadata` contains `OperationMetadata` (metadata). `operation.response` contains the response.
offset parameter to specify the starting point for the list of cities
The unique identifier for the Outlook task group.
The name of the live event to start.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the global policy configuration.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the calendar permissions are to be deleted.
search term to find entities in devices
The access token used to authenticate the request and authorize access to the verses of the specified chapter.
The date for the OCP operation, specifying when the restart action should be executed.
The ETag value used to perform conditional requests based on the current state of the resource.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in the workbook chart identified by the specified ID.
The version of the API being used for the operation to shutdown a SAP HANA instance.
The version of the API being used.
determine if notification recipient email subscribed to the notification
Name of the policy set to list policies from.
Specifies the outbound (egress) rules to be added to a security group in a VPC. These rules determine what traffic is allowed to leave the instances associated with the security group, including the destination IP ranges (IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR blocks) or other security groups that can receive the traffic. Each rule includes a protocol (e.g., TCP, UDP, ICMP), and for TCP/UDP protocols, it also specifies the destination port or port range. For ICMP, it defines the type and code.
A token identifying a page of results the server should return.
Street address for searching entries related to 2017 Boulder election expenditures.
The navigation property for the user's calendar, identified by a unique string ID.
The unique identifier for the content submission type.
The parameter describes the reference ID of the navigation property 'analytics' within the 'sites' entity, specifically for the item activity record identified by 'itemactivityold'.
The name of the peering to delete.
API version for the verify IP flow operation
The name of the resource group.
Filter the access package resource scopes based on specified criteria.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters are defined as field equality expressions, but some specialized filters may use other operators. For more information, see Filtering and Sorting.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
The unique identifier of the site source to be deleted from the compliance navigation property.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment.
The name of the management node to be updated.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
An array containing the fill data extracted from workbooks.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the access package.
The name of the resource group for which topics are to be listed.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage.
The unique identifier of the job.
The parameter 'tonce' is an integer representing a timestamp or nonce used in transaction processing, typically to prevent replay attacks.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
Specifies the maximum number of projects to return in the response.
The location response header contains the URI used to obtain the status of the asynchronous deletion process.
The navigation property to access package assignments for identity governance.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the audio output configuration for a recorder, specifying the string value that defines how audio is routed or stored.
The format of the output data, such as JSON, XML, or CSV.
Specifies the fields to be included in the response for each event frame.
The identifier for the data source used in the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array containing charts retrieved from workbooks.
The name of the deployed function for which the signed URL is generated.
The unique identifier for the merchant service within the Apideck platform.
The name of the service associated with the tag.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The maximum time, in milliseconds, to wait for the batch operations to complete before timing out.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the enterprise organization.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The access package resource role ID.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to be updated.
The name of the express route port resource.
The unique identifier of the subscription where the policy definition will be created or updated.
The name of the management policy to be applied to the storage account.
The unique identifier for the publisher account.
The parameter description is: This only replaces the pool properties specified in the request. For example, if the pool has a start task associated with it, and a request does not specify a start task element, then the pool keeps the existing start task.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property sectionGroups is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The parameter describes the trigger handler information that is being retrieved, specifically related to the user token in the ClearBlade system.
Filters the access package resource requests based on specified criteria.
The season of the games, represented as a string.
Token for the next page of results.
The name of the service type to retrieve information for.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The parameter specifies the component to retrieve details for, selected from a list of available components.
The unique identifier for the collection to be deleted.
The deployment slot name for the app.
Specifies the action to be performed when an MQTT session is disconnected.
The unique identifier for the backup to be deleted.
The name of the service fabric node for which the list of deployed applications is retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property scopedrolememberof for users.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Retrieve an array of photos from users.
The version of the API being used to retrieve security metadata for a provisioning service.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
name: The name of the application type to query.
The unique identifier for the application template.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the user, represented as a string.
The status of the payment for the payout.
The calendar permission ID to be deleted.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
search criteria for RV inventory including geo-location, year, make, model, and multiple filters with pagination support up to 5000 results
The unique identifier for the release that can be edited by users with push access to the repository.
Specifies the time at which the resource was last modified.
The date of the OCP account.
The unique identifier of the workbook pivot table.
The timeout value in seconds for the task execution.
filter parameter to specify the operations to retrieve from users
The parameter configversion can be used to optionally filter the output to only that particular version.
The name of the resource group.
Gets the questions asked by users with specified IDs that have at least one answer but no accepted answer. The input { ids } can include up to 100 semicolon-delimited user IDs.
The parameter describes the behavior of the batch service during an upgrade, specifically how compute nodes are handled. When a node is selected for upgrading, any active tasks on that node are terminated and returned to the task queue for reprocessing on another node. The node becomes unavailable until the upgrade completes, leading to a temporary reduction in the pool's overall capacity.
The age parameter specifies the age of the individual and is expected to be an integer value.
The name of the integration account.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
find commits via various criteria on the default branch (usually `master`). this method returns up to 100 results per page. when searching for commits, you can get text match metadata.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The maximum number of series to retrieve from the workbooks.
The unique identifier for the collection, typically used in URLs or API endpoints.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property to attachments is being created.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer probes.
Number of records to skip for pagination purposes.
The API version for deleting a trigger in a sharesubscription.
The query parameter to include all public IP addresses allocated to a space, including those bound to containers.
The navigation property scopedrolememberof for the user with the specified ID will be removed.
The token used for authentication to access the corporation's member limit information.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The label selector used to filter role bindings in the collection.
page number for pagination of the response set
The name of the resource group.
Token used for pagination to specify the next page of results.
The name of the resource group.
The ID of the section group to which the content will be copied.
Search query for retrieving calendar view from the user's calendar.
The label of the resource group for which global event subscriptions are listed.
The version of the API to be used for manual failover.
The unique identifier for the site.
The version of the API being used for validating and provisioning the code or configuration packages in a Service Fabric cluster.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites
The parameter describes the expansion of subscription data, typically used to include additional related information in the response.
The zoom level for the vector tiles, indicating the scale of the map data.
The ID of the team drive to subscribe to for changes related to a user.
The public delegated prefix resource name in the specified region.
The name of the recovery services vault for which backup policies are being listed.
The language preference of the PSU (Payment Service User) for accepting the consent.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the product digitalproduct.
The API version identifier used to specify the version of the API being called.
The unique identifier for the company whose financials navigation property 'picture' is to be updated.
Specifies the field by which the ads should be sorted.
The tax year for the payroll and systemsync pass report.
The unique identifier for the application property.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the project merge request.
The name of the PostgreSQL server.
The unique identifier of the access package to be updated.
Specifies the number of access package assignment requests to return.
The unique identifier for the listing media.
The name of the autoscaler resource to retrieve.
maximum number of items to return in a single call
The version of the API to use for updating the service principal profile of a managed cluster.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property buckettaskboardformat is to be updated.
Maximum latitude value for filtering SADO TTS data entries.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Advisor configuration will be created or overwritten.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
filter parameter to retrieve all backups in a device
The API version to use for the request.
Retrieve an array of section groups associated with the current user.
The unique identifier of the pending review to be deleted.
searches for jobs using the provided searchjobsrequest
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter description for $expand is: Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
The maximum number of records to return per page, with a cap of 100.
The page number for pagination.
The project on which permissions are being checked.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the API management service to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the request.
The condition to match for deleting navigation property instances.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the diagnostic.
Deletes the specified initials image or signature image for the specified user. The function deletes one or the other of the image types; to delete both the initials image and signature image, you must call the endpoint twice. The `userid` parameter specified in the endpoint must match the authenticated user's user ID, and the user must be a member of the account. The `signatureid` parameter accepts a signature ID or a signature name. DocuSign recommends using the signature ID (`signatureid`), as it is more reliable.
destination phone number to which the OTP will be sent
The number of assignments to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier of the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The destination folder-based workload to which the source project or project-based workload is being hypothetically moved.
The maximum number of orders to return.
The firewall policy to be moved.
An array containing websites retrieved from users.
returns describe for campaigns
Retrieve the progress task board format associated with users.
Specifies additional data to include in the response, such as detailed usage information.
The maximum number of podcasts to retrieve.
The language to accept in the request.
The name of the server to list recommendation action advisors for.
A string used to filter the list of advertiser groups based on search criteria.
The status indicating whether the terms and conditions have been accepted by the user on the device.
The maximum number of configuration aggregators to return in the response.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property currency in financials.
Number of records to skip for the pagination.
The duration of the time period over which the latency data is aggregated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The navigation property fields in sites that are associated with the list item version identified by the specified ID.
The ID of the onenotesection to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the flow log resource to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting a navigation property format associated with workbooks.
The API version used for updating resource groups.
Specifies the order in which results are returned.
Number of photos to retrieve from the groups.
The name of the dataset to be deleted.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The maximum number of roles to retrieve.
The name of the experiment entry to search for.
The API version to use for the request.
filter: A string parameter used to specify the assignment filter evaluation status details for users.
provisions a service instance. if `request.accepts_incomplete` is false and broker cannot execute request synchronously, HTTP 422 error will be returned along with failed_precondition status. if `request.accepts_incomplete` is true and the broker decides to execute resource asynchronously, HTTP 202 response code will be returned and a valid polling operation in the response will be included. if broker executes the request synchronously and it succeeds, HTTP 201 response code will be returned with the service instance details.
The name of the resource group.
The API version for retrieving the current network topology by resource group.
The version of the entity state for the tag identified by its unique identifier.
The unique identifier for the group policy object file.
The `id` parameter specifies the service for which you are updating availability. Create an entry for each weekday you wish to update. Days are defined as sun, mon, tue, wed, thu, fri, sat. Start and end times are entered in military format (e.g., 2230 is 10:30 PM).
The unique identifier (ETag) associated with the policy configuration for the specified product-level service.
The unique identifier for the backend service to which the connection will be re-established.
Indicates whether the search should return the full hierarchy of the results.
Indicates whether the primary flag is set for the case (e.g., "Y" for yes, "N" for no).
Maximum number of results to return from the fisheye query.
The name of the resource group to be checked for association with the product entity.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the comment to be updated.
The DB instance class of the reserved DB instance.
Indicates whether to delete an empty server farm associated with the app.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the group.
The index of the block to write, must be aligned with 512-KiB sectors.
The name of the resource group that contains the API version set.
The name of the legal agreement.
The version of the API to use for the request.
reports health state of the specified service fabric service. the report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported. the report is sent to a service fabric gateway service, which forwards to the health store. the report may be accepted by the gateway,
Specifies the number of jobs to retrieve.
The page number for pagination.
The name of the organization.
The MAC address associated with the personally identifiable information (PII).
The unique identifier for the setting state device summary.
The contact ID used to retrieve single value extended properties for a user.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
The version of the API being used.
Tagging information for the rule.
Retrieve the major gridlines settings from the workbooks.
The ID of the section group to be updated in the users' navigation property sections.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter specifies the name of the resource group that contains the network interface.
The name of the express route circuit.
The email address to be added to the notification recipient list.
The name of the operation to cancel.
Search query to retrieve sections from the user.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of autoscalers.
returns all emails from the system
Number of pages to retrieve from the sites.
Specifies whether to return partial success results if some resources fail to be processed.
Bearer token required for authentication
Number of results per page (max 100)
The navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties for the specified outlooktaskgroup.
Retrieve a list of vendors from the financial records.
the differential intensity of a particle is a directional quantity that describes the number of particles per unit area, per unit solid angle, per unit energy, and per unit time.
The unique identifier for the governance role assignment to be deleted.
The name of the IP pool to list dedicated IP addresses for.
The unique identifier for the employer, automatically generated as the resource location key.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the sales quote used to retrieve the associated payment term from financials.
The entity state (etag) version of the diagnostic identified by the provided service name.
An array containing the overridden pages from the identity configuration.
The format of the daily report data (e.g., JSON, CSV).
The unique identifier for the character whose bookmark folders are being requested.
The unique identifier for the operation whose progress is being queried.
The network associated with the usage records.
Number of images to return per page
The name of the data box edge/gateway device.
An array containing the selected lines from the workbooks.
The API version to use for the request.
An array of events related to the user, expanded with additional details.
Excludes automatically asserted phenotypes from the results.
API key for authentication with the CRM system, required to authorize bulk contact operations.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the app.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property sectiongroups for sites.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The maximum date for which cases were open, specified as a string in date format.
The name of the connection to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the education class.
The type of the resource to check for existence.
The ID of the local gateway.
The unique identifier of the group for which the parent section group navigation property is to be deleted.
The user ID to abort the action.
The authorization parameter is used to authenticate the request and ensure the user has the necessary permissions to query group identities within the organization domain.
The navigation property used to access the access package resource scopes associated with identity governance.
This endpoint serves multiple purposes, including searching for currently active cars in the market based on specified criteria. It supports geo-based searches within a radius, filtering by year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and allows for multiple year-make-model combinations in a single request. Results are paginated with a maximum limit of 10,000 rows.
The unique identifier of the plannerTask to be deleted from the groups.
The ID of the mail folder to update.
The name of the resource group containing the CDN endpoint.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the customer whose orders are to be retrieved.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the base types for shares.
The status of the device codes associated with the merchant.
The date when the YouTube video entry was created.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the app service plan.
The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
Retrieve settings from the user, where the parameter is an array named 'expand'.
The partition key for the data.
Unique identifier for the story.
The parent project, folder, or organization whose asset feeds are listed.
The parameter description is: Specifies the action to take when a terminate job request is received, including transitioning the job to the terminating state, terminating running tasks, executing job release tasks, and moving the job to the completed state.
Filter users where the specified field is less than or equal to the given value.
The unique identifier for the campaign to be deleted.
The name of the private link scope to be updated.
temporary security credentials for a federated user, including an access key ID, secret access key, and security token
The name of the server hosting the elastic pool.
The unique identifier for the game.
The ID of the onenotesection to delete the parentnotebook navigation property for.
The parameter description is: the project property key to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The timeout value for the operation to delete the image store content.
Specifies the duration in seconds to wait for the upgrade state information before timing out.
The owner of the hook.
The name of the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the workbook.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the advertiser profile.
The name of the resource group containing the integration account schema.
returns all the questions with active bounties in the system. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the question object : - activity - last _ activity _ date - creation - creation _ date - votes - score activity is the default sort. it is possible to create
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The starting index for the list of songs to retrieve.
The maximum number of management condition statements to retrieve.
The country associated with the contribution.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
returns all pricebookitems from the system
The unique identifier for the job.
The name of the blueprint for which artifacts are being listed.
text query parameter to filter articles by category
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier of the account to delete the DocuSign Connect configuration for.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied to a section.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The navigation property line for workbooks being deleted.
The first name of the user making the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The date range for which the daily metric values are requested.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
gets the health information of the specified service. use eventshealthstatefilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the service based on the health state. use partitionshealthstatefilter to filter the collection of partitions returned. if you specify a service that does
The name of the automation account.
The unique identifier for the API definition to be deleted.
The version of the API used to access the service fabric cluster information.
Creates an empty face list with a user-specified facelist ID, name, optional user data, and recognition model. Up to 64 face lists are allowed per subscription. A face list contains up to 1,000 faces and is used for the "Find Similar" operation. After creation, use the "Face List Add" API to add faces to the list.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the single-value legacy extended property to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The scope for which policy assignments are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the resource group that contains the Redis cache.
Returns a valid GeoJSON FeatureCollection containing incident data with geographic coordinates and properties such as ID, type, and occurrence time.
Creates a new navigation property to column links for drives.
number of images to skip before starting to return results
An array of hosted contents to be expanded in the chat.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single response.
The name of the hybrid connection to be removed.
filter parameter to list replication cycles for a specific migrating VM
The navigation property parentsectiongroup in users that is being updated.
The unique identifier for the board.
The token used for authentication to kick a fleet member.
options to modify the specified VPC attachment
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the sales credit memo line associated with the financials navigation property account to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Specifies the stack to be rolled back to its last known stable state, preserving previously provisioned resources when an operation fails. If no stable state exists, the stack will be deleted. A stable state includes any status ending in _complete, such as create_complete or update_complete.
The name of the resource group containing the bot service to be deleted.
The name of the container in Azure Cosmos DB where the SQL trigger will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the group whose deployment history is being retrieved.
The name of the fabric associated with the backed up data.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The authtoken parameter is of type string and is used to authenticate requests. Its value can be one of the specified types: input, selection, checkbox, date, or text. The area it belongs to can be contact, billing_shipping, or other.
verifies the possibility of establishing a direct tcp connection from a virtual machine to a given endpoint including another vm or an arbitrary remote server
The unique identifier for the hold.
The project to be deleted.
Retrieves information about all payment runs with optional filtering using query parameters for specific fields. Supports filtering by string fields, including the ability to retrieve records where a field value is null by setting the corresponding query parameter to `null`.
creates an Amazon DocumentDB event notification subscription. This action requires a topic Amazon Resource Name (ARN) created by using the Amazon DocumentDB console, the Amazon SNS console, or the Amazon SNS API. To obtain an ARN with Amazon SNS, you must create a topic in Amazon SNS and subscribe to the topic. The ARN is displayed in the Amazon SNS console. You can specify the event categories, source type, and other parameters for the subscription.
The name of the virtual network tap to retrieve information for.
Search query for retrieving scheduled actions associated with a specific rule in device management.
A string filter to match rewards based on specified groups.
The repository to transfer ownership of.
The name of the server DNS alias to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the user.
The unique identifier for the access package.
The parameter p_oeca_core is a string used to specify the core criteria for searching civil enforcement and criminal cases in the get_cases service endpoint.
Specifies the order in which the entities should be returned.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the account associated with the application package.
The unique identifier for the custom bidding script.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group containing the managed clusters.
The unique identifier of the user.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The version of the API used for authorization rules in a WCF relay.
Specifies the duration in seconds to wait for the task file deletion operation to complete before timing out.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
A token used to continue a truncated list of target instance resources.
Retrieves the results for webinar polls of a specific webinar.
The unique identifier of the group.
The name of the trigger associated with the workflow run to be resubmitted.
The unique identifier for the workbook table from which rows are to be retrieved.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the game.
Number of resources to skip for the current page
The unique identifier for the merchant.
Minimum longitude value for filtering bibliographic entries.
gene-level copy number values derived from marker-level data using the extreme method, where each gene is assigned the maximum amplification or minimum deletion value among its associated markers.
A string used to filter the list of deployments.
The parameter description is: The API version to be used for the request.
The condition to match against the tag description.
Search for entries related to loan repayments in the fec_pacs database.
The unique identifier for the web link to be permanently deleted from the trash.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified section group with ID 'sectiongroup - id' in groups.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the drive item to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Retrieve a list of relations associated with the term store.
The unique identifier for the profile to be updated.
The name of the machine learning workspace to be updated.
The name of the resource group where the data box edge/gateway device is located.
The unique identifier for the expense claim receipt.
Ordering criteria for the favorite plans.
The name of the cluster to deregister.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the account whose applications are to be listed.
The navigation property userstatusoverview in devicemanagement is updated for the device compliance policy with the specified ID.
The name of the resource group.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters support equality and inequality on the primary field, along with AND and OR operators. Some filters support wildcards (*) for partial string matching.
Enables Performance Insights for the database instance.
The name of the resource group where the capacity pool is located.
The name of the streaming job to create or replace.
The version name of the application package to be deleted.
The parent resource where the messages will be ingested, typically representing the conversation or thread.
The unique identifier of the single-value extended property to update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
Authentication token for accessing the trip/service runs data.
The group parameter specifies the category or collection to which the powerpoint file entries belong.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the batch account to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the request.
The name of the virtual router peering to create or update.
The username of the user creating the data records.
The name of the deployment to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the core definition to be updated.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for a list operation.
Number of records to skip for the current result set.
The language preference for the response acceptance.
The navigation property to agent groups for on-premises publishing profiles.
The name of the deployment or deployment slot to create.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The format of the season teams.
The account ID associated with the Google Tag Manager container.
List of advertiser group IDs to filter the advertisers.
The repository name where the issue is located.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
Start date for the time range to count crashes by day, in string format.
looks up resource names of the deviceusers associated with the caller's credentials, as well as the properties provided in the request. this method must be called with end - user credentials with the scope : https : / / www. googleapis. com / auth / cloud - identity. devices. lookup if multiple properties are provided, only deviceusers having all of these properties are considered as matches - i. e. the query behaves like an and. different
The unique identifier for the project to be queued for training.
The unique identifier for the telegraf configuration.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter description is: The token used to authenticate and identify the user whose properties are to be edited.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to extensions for users.
The name of the resource group where the container services are located.
The date of the OCP (OpenShift Container Platform) deployment.
Specifies the continuation token for resuming a previous list operation.
The name of the application associated with the device set to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin graph.
indicates whether to return only user roles associated with the account, without additional details
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the section group to which the parent section navigation property is associated.
initiates the copy of an AMI. You can copy an AMI from one region to another, or from a region to an Outpost. You cannot copy an AMI from an Outpost to a region, from one Outpost to another, or within the same Outpost. To copy an AMI to another partition, see CreateStoreImageTask. To copy an AMI from one region to another, specify the source region using the SourceRegion parameter, and specify the destination region using its endpoint. Copies of encrypted backing snapshots for the AMI are also copied.
Creates a new navigation property to the multivalue extended properties for the specified message.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The username field is a string used to create multiple new data records.
Specifies the order in which files are listed for the report.
The zone where the replicas are located.
The ID of the profile to update the creative field value for.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Name of the virtual WAN to be deleted.
describes the specified EBS snapshots available to you or all of the EBS snapshots available to you. The snapshots available to you include public snapshots, private snapshots that you own, and private snapshots owned by other Amazon Web Services accounts for which you have explicit create volume permissions.
Creates a new navigation property to replies for a chat message in a team, identified by the specified chat message ID.
The language preference for the user, typically represented as a string (e.g., "en", "es", "fr").
The locale and geo ID to filter or identify the product details.
The unique identifier of the site for which the navigation property to section groups is being created.
The topic name used to publish to a topic.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
queries policy states for the resource
The extension ID associated with a user.
The name of the network watcher.
uploads contents of the file to the image store. use this api if the file is small enough to upload again if the connection fails. the file's data needs to be added to the request body. the contents will be uploaded to the specified path. image store service uses
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
Ordering criteria for the items retrieved from the drive.
The login parameter is a string used to authenticate and access the product option value.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID associated with the note records being fetched.
aggregative result for the given resources under the defined workspace
The unique identifier for the custom holiday.
The parameter description is: The managed policy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the advertiser group to be updated.
The name of the app for which the source control configuration is being updated.
The numeric identifier for the agent to be resumed.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The date associated with the OCP (Optimized Compute Platform) operation.
The name of the security contact configuration.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
A string parameter used to filter the results when retrieving the first page of data lake store accounts linked to a specified data lake analytics account. If the response includes a next page, this parameter can be used to fetch subsequent pages.
An array containing the security information of the specified security item associated with the asset database for a specified user.
The tenant associated with the order claim being rejected.
Retrieve a list of access packages from the identity governance system.
Maximum streaming bitrate limit, specified in bits per second. If provided in both query and body, the query value takes precedence for backward compatibility.
A signed URL for uploading function source code.
The ID of the workbook named item.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event that needs to be declined.
The language setting for the bunq API integration.
The direction of the sort, either ascending (asc) or descending (desc).
The navigation property 'pages' associated with the specified 'onenotesection' identified by the given 'id' will be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier of the multivalue legacy extended property to update.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The unique identifier for the device shell script in the device management system.
The name of the server hosting the recommended elastic pool.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Specifies whether uninitialized replicasets should be included in the deletion process.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the channel.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the asset in the PAM system.
The phone number of the recipient, must be in international format (e.g., +1234567890).
The version number of the geometry filter.
The selected fields to retrieve for the security item associated with the attribute category for a specified user.
token for pagination
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving healthcare insurance act configuration records related to a specific employment.
The amount of time in days that a given app instance retains data.
The number of substances to return per page.
The name of the receipt rule set that contains the rule to delete.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the bot alias to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the datastore.
The unique identifier for the sales instruction associated with the collection of rooms.
The unique identifier for the column definition to be deleted.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API being used, ensuring compatibility and proper handling of requests.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the delete operation.
The navigation property accesspackageresource for identitygovernance that is identified by the specified ID.
Filter the relations retrieved from the term store based on specified criteria.
The ID of the carrier gateway.
The travel date for generating valid LH deep links to the flight selection screen on lh.com.
Indicates whether the request ID returned by the client should be included in the response.
Specifies whether the subscription is enabled. When set to true, the subscription will send notifications for events.
The relative path within the image store where the content is located.
Gets all third party jobs.
Specifies the expansion of related resources in the response, such as nested directories or associated roles.
The unique identifier for the application.
Indicates whether partial success is allowed during the operation.
A unique identifier used to track and manage the interaction between the client and the server for domestic standing orders.
The project associated with the rule of the specified priority.
The unique identifier for the drive from which versions are to be retrieved.
The name of the keyspace in which the Cassandra table exists.
The maximum number of proposals to return in a single response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies the field by which to sort the list of node types.
The name of the resource group that contains the packet capture session.
Specifies whether to delete the dependent resources of the deployment.
The version of the API to be used for the subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the resource group.
retrieve the query - store query texts for specified queryids
The AWS account ID of the principal (user or role) whose permissions are being revoked from the queue policy. This parameter is used to identify the specific account whose access rights are being removed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property that references mentions within groups.
The version of the API being used.
The geographical region or metro area where the service is available.
The identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
Number of sections to retrieve from users
Retrieve the installation summary for device applications.
The metadata entities to be listed in the zone.
Start date for filtering survey entries, formatted as a string.
The email parameter is used to specify the contact's email address for fetching the corresponding contact information.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
The token used to authenticate the request.
The level of confidence in the geolocation estimate, typically represented as an integer value.
The navigation property extensions in me
The food to find a matching wine for, which can be a dish name, ingredient name, or cuisine.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account for which the read-only access keys are being listed.
sort parameter to specify the order of price ranges (e.g., ascending or descending)
The name of the service instance.
The unique identifier for the project associated with the SSL certificate.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Filter episodes released after this date and time. The value must be in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier for the user.
The version of the database engine to be used for the global datastore.
The API version to be used for the request.
The date to which the search should be limited.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the operation to complete.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property role definition in the governance role assignment request that needs to be updated.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the navigation property line in workbooks.
Deletes one or more existing virtual background files associated with a Zoom account. Requires the virtual background feature to be enabled on the account.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The rank of the gene in the list of significantly mutated genes.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The identifier for the sales credit memo navigation property to be deleted in the financials context.
Filters the directory roles based on specified criteria.
The number of executions to return per page.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the stream to be updated.
Ordering criteria for the sections retrieved from groups.
Specifies the geolocation requirements for the recipient account in transferwise transfers.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
lists all managed policies available in your account, including customer-defined and AWS-managed policies. Optionally filter results using onlyattached, scope, and pathprefix parameters.
An array specifying the expansion of sensitive types in the data classification context.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The namespace to which the package versions are copied.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event to be accepted.
creates a new Amazon Neptune DB cluster. You can use the replicationSourceIdentifier parameter to create the DB cluster as a read replica of another DB cluster or Amazon Neptune DB instance. Note that when you create a new cluster using CreateDBCluster directly, deletion protection is disabled by default (when you create a new production cluster in the console, deletion protection is enabled by default). You can only delete a DB cluster if its deletionProtection field is set to false.
The tag used to filter media for the specified team and year.
expand: array of instances to retrieve
The name of the profile to be listed.
The name of the virtual network for which peerings are to be retrieved.
The API version for the request.
The project ID for the target TCP proxy resource.
The unique identifier for the mobile app.
number of repositories to list
List of related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes the enable status of data synchronization between API and CRM system.
The name of the account associated with the volume.
Minimum latitude value for filtering search results.
The name of the resource group where the integration runtime node is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
user-agent string used to manage attachment notes
The number of event hubs to skip for the current result set.
The version of the API being used for the operation to update an ASR network mapping.
The name of the plugin to enable.
The unique identifier for the vehicle model.
retrieves metadata from an object without returning the object itself
Activates a fund for an employment by posting the fund details using the employment ID.
removes the entire tag set from the specified object. for more information about managing object tags, see object tagging. to use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3 : deleteobjecttagging action. to delete tags of a specific object version, add the versionid query parameter in the request. you will need permission for the s3 : deleteobjectversiontagging action.
An array of label names to filter the bookings by.
The name of the resource associated with the monitor instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
The unique identifier for the product option to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the column definition to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the app will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The access token used for authenticating the request to update the newsletter setting.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The type of classification for the project.
The name of the resource group where the API Management service instance is located.
modifies an existing RDS event notification subscription. You cannot modify the source identifiers using this call. To change source identifiers for a subscription, use the AddSourceIdentifierToSubscription and RemoveSourceIdentifierFromSubscription calls. You can see a list of the event types and source types that are supported by RDS.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request within the Azure Search service.
The unique identifier for the collection.
The unique identifier for the device management script.
The name of the resource group containing the disks.
The scope for which the budget is being retrieved.
Specifies the field to sort the absences by.
The unique identifier for the webinar to be canceled. If the webinar is part of a series or sequence, all scheduled sessions will be deleted.
Sets the status of a certificate back to active if it was previously set to deletefailed due to being in use by a pool or compute node.
Creates a VPC endpoint service configuration to which service consumers (AWS accounts, IAM users, and IAM roles) can connect. To create an endpoint service configuration, you must first create one of the following for your service: a network load balancer or a gateway load balancer. Service consumers connect to your service using an interface endpoint or a gateway load balancer endpoint, respectively.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the web security entry to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
The unique identifier for a phone number reservation.
The navigation property 'stages' in the 'userconsentrequest' entity is updated to reflect the latest configuration or status of the consent request workflow. This allows for tracking and managing the progression of user consent requests through various stages, such as pending, approved, or rejected.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal to update the navigation property approleassignments.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Filter the access package resource scopes based on specified criteria.
The resource name of the API key to delete.
Indicates whether application metadata should be included in the exported catalog.
The unique identifier for the room.
The region where the network firewall policy is located.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the specified OneNote page identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the cluster to which labels will be applied.
The page number of the results to return.
The parameter 'x - api2crm - user - key' is a string used to identify and authenticate the user in the system.
indicates whether to perform the deletion without persisting the changes
The API key for user authentication in the x-api2crm integration.
The name parameter refers to the specific slot (deployment environment) within the app where the hostname binding needs to be removed.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the document.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The identifier for the drive item (workbook) from which the navigation property font is to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving attachments
The page number for pagination of the publishhistory resources.
The unique identifier for the user whose trending data is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the video whose thumbnail is to be deleted.
Updates PSU data on the cancellation authorisation resource if needed, supports authentication method selection and non-SCA PSU authentication, and may authorise cancellation within embedded SCA approach.
The category to which the channel will be added.
The ID of the AdSense client for which to list ad units.
The unique identifier for the job from which the task is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the resource, indicating the current version for caching purposes.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the team, used in URLs and API endpoints.
The version of the API being used.
Search criteria for filtering RMA data; current page number for pagination.
Field to retrieve terms from the taxonomy
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be patched.
search query for retrieving attachments from the current user
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the user for whom navigation property extensions are to be deleted.
Search query to retrieve transitivememberof from users
The parameter description is: The ID of the OneNote section to copy to.
The parameter 'driveitem-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify the particular file or folder to perform the cosh action on.
The maximum number of items to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter represents the identifier for the last msdeploy operation.
The date when the committee donation entry was last changed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parent parameter specifies the parent resource where the TensorFlow versions are supported.
The unique identifier for the deployment operation.
The unique identifier for the export.
The unique identifier for the deployment group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of versions to retrieve from shares
The subject in the association object refers to the disease, while the object represents the model, which could be a gene or genetic element. If the queried disease is a general class, the subject may correspond to a specific instance of that disease. Associations can be either direct—such as when a paper explicitly states a genotype is a model of a disease—or indirect, such as those inferred through orthology, with the chain of reasoning documented in the evidence graph.
The unique identifier for the partition for which the quorum loss operation progress is being retrieved.
Specifies the financial details to include in the response, such as income statement, balance sheet, or cash flow data.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the planner plan.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'tasks' is to be deleted.
The number of items in the list.
The unique identifier for the company.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The resource name of the database instance to disable.
A string parameter that serves as a callback function.
The number of results to return per page.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The project identifier for which the aggregated list of node groups is retrieved.
The certificate cannot be deleted if it is currently in use by any resource such as a pool or compute node. Ensure the certificate is not associated with any existing pools, is not installed on any compute nodes (even after removal from a pool, it remains on compute nodes until they restart), and no running tasks depend on it. Attempting to delete a certificate in use will result in deletion failure, and the certificate status will change to deletefailed.
The navigation property representing the agreement acceptance with the specified ID.
An array of expanded details related to points from workbooks.
Indicates whether the operation is a dry run (true) or not (false).
A unique identifier generated by the client to ensure idempotency of the request.
An array of segments to search within the catalog of items and people.
The name of the device to retrieve the storage account for.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage statement export operations.
The health information of the specified partition. If an application health policy is provided, it is used to compute the aggregated health state. Otherwise, the policy from the application manifest or the default policy is applied. The `eventshealthstatefilter` parameter allows filtering the reported health events.
Specifies the fields to sort the report by, in ascending or descending order.
creates a single resource: a Google Cloud Storage bucket, to be used as the default bucket for this project. the bucket is created in an FTL-owned storage project. the bucket is configured to automatically delete objects older than 90 days to avoid unnecessary storage charges. the bucket has owner access for owners of the central storage project (FTL-).
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property site related to compliance.
The unique identifier of the workbook's drive item.
Retrieves a list of installed applications from users.
The version of the API being used.
retrieves the details of an addon account
restores a db instance to an arbitrary point in time. you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the latestrestorabletime property. you can restore to a point up to the number of days specified by the backupretentionperiod property. the
Whether to watch for changes to the objects.
The identifier for the customer user agent making the request.
The name of the service instance for which the quota counter value is being updated.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The identifier of the logger to retrieve details for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the cluster to set labels on.
Specifies the resource providers to include in the response.
Unique identifier for the public key configuration.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether to recursively delete the task file and its contents.
The project ID for which the request is being made.
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve the security baseline states associated with the current user.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Gets a single check suite using its `id`.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the guaranteed order.
The unique identifier for the application whose services information is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the job schedule.
The timestamp indicating when the container instance event ended, in UTC.
get parent section group from groups
Filter deployments using query parameters.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the series timer related to live TV recordings.
Retrieve an entity from the chats using the provided key, returning the result as an array.
The team for which the news is being retrieved.
The resource for which the access control policy is being retrieved.
The template deployment cannot be deleted while it is currently running.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites
The unique identifier for the dogma attribute.
Filter criteria for targeting options assigned to an insertion order.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT Central applications.
The city where the venue is located.
The name of the notification to retrieve details for.
The unique identifier for the group from which pages are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the content submission type to be removed.
Number of records to skip for pagination
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property pages media content is being updated.
Creates a password for the specified IAM user, enabling them to access AWS services through the management console.
The unique identifier for the device management intent.
Uploads a binary file as a public attachment with the specified MIME type in the Content-Type header, without JSON wrapping.
The image or frame grab must be in JPEG format and uploaded to the `search-by-image.s3.amazonaws.com` AWS S3 bucket.
The version of the API being used.
The availability status of the episodes within the specified category.
The parameter 'driveitem - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify which item to perform the dec2hex action on.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the REST API.
The name of the endpoint to validate for custom domain mapping.
validates the database name and ensures it is not already in use
The name of the resource group.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most APIs support a filter expression that includes the field name, a comparison operator, and the value that you want to search for. The following are the supported comparison operators: =, !=, >, <, >=, <=, and : (for prefix and suffix match). For example, to filter for instances that have a created timestamp equal to 2021-10-30T18:35:29.372Z, you would use createdTimestamp = "2021-10-30T18:35:29.372Z". You can also filter on nested fields. For example, you could filter on instances that have set the machineType.field.name equal to z1-100. You can use filtering on multiple expressions by providing each separate expression within parentheses. For example, (name = "abc") AND (zone = zone1). To learn more about filtering syntax, see Filtering documentation.
Enable or disable traffic tracing for the agent's ToD (Time of Day) functionality.
The unique identifier of the parent entity to which the changelogs are associated.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the workspace to be updated.
Filter to apply when retrieving section groups.
Indicates whether the event frames are acknowledged.
The name of the express route circuit.
Search query string to filter the device compliance policy states.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the savings strategy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The slot identifier for the gateway operation.
The parameter 'compare' is an integer used to specify the site ID for generating the report.
The name of the app to create or update.
The minimum priority value for the rule.
The maximum number of group lifecycle policies to retrieve.
The name of the app.
The version of the API used for updating the service properties.
A cursor used to retrieve the next page of line items, representing the last item's ID from the previous page.
The unique identifier for the user whose FIDO2 methods are being retrieved.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the store associated with the category.
The unique identifier for the user to be logged out from all devices.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The format parameter specifies the desired output format for the information about the technology project.
The unique identifier for the list item.
Retrieve section groups associated with specific sites.
Specifies the number of SKUs to return per page.
lists the existing snapshots
The unique identifier for the conversation within the group.
The name of the billing profile to be used for the new webdirect or EA Azure subscription.
The number of messages to return per page.
An array containing legend information from workbooks.
The password authentication method ID to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the site.
The domain name for the host header.
The unique identifier for the shared insight to be declined.
The unique identifier for the drive item (file or folder) in the workbook.
The unique identifier for the function.
The name of the Amazon Redshift parameter group to be deleted.
This parameter holds the output data related to the water quality section of the DFR.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The maximum page size allowed is 100. If the page size is less than 1 or greater than 100, an invalid argument error will be returned.
The parent resource that owns the collection of runtimes.
The maximum number of results to return.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The language for the event venue page.
The region where the rule is applied.
lists operations that match the specified filter in the request
name: vmname type: string description: The name of the virtual machine on which the command will be executed.
Specifies the sorting order for the placement groups list.
The name of the resource group to which the load balancer belongs.
The unique identifier for the device management script assignment.
List of genes to filter the GISTIC2 del_genes.conf_99.txt output data. At least one gene or cohort must be provided.
Specifies the maximum number of items to return.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the printer from which task triggers are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The parameter describes the API version used for updating quota counter values in a specific service instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the resource to which appointments will be reassigned.
The number of dedicated hosts to allocate.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The diagnostic category used to filter or identify detectors.
search query to filter results
The package name of the application that contains the in-app product.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the workbook.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
The navigation property that represents the Windows Hello for Business authentication method associated with the user.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the inbound rule.
Indicates whether the EPG (Electronic Program Guide) entries are for live TV that has already aired.
The unique identifier for the user whose single value extended properties are being retrieved.
lists all notifications for the current user, sorted by most recently updated
The number of records to return.
The unique identifier for the product set.
The unique identifier for the user role.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the service instance.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the sync group to refresh the database schema for.
used to manage text notes
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified user identified by 'id1' will be deleted.
name: servicename   type: string   description: The name of the API Management service.
This method is used to initiate a payment at the ASPSP. The payment initiation request can be sent with either a JSON body or a pain.001 body, depending on the payment product specified in the path. Supported payment products include: domestic credit transfers, Swiss credit transfers, and ISR (International Standardized Routing) payments, all of which use JSON format for payment information.
The ETag value to ensure the current version of the role assignment schedule is being updated.
The region where the target VPN gateway is located.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
search query to find used items from users
The unique identifier of the bulk job for which errors are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the contact folder.
The maximum number of response policies to return.
A token used to skip ahead in the list of items, enabling pagination through large datasets.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the column definition.
Indicates whether collaborators should be included when copying the snapshot to an existing game.
The pool state is set to deleting, any ongoing resize operation on the pool is stopped, the batch service starts resizing the pool to zero nodes, any tasks running on existing nodes are terminated and requeued, and finally, the pool is deleted.
The name of the user to be enrolled.
The parent instance or backup to create the new instance from.
Orders the results by a specified field.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT Central application.
filter for specific event types in the cluster events list
Filter by requirement ID to retrieve a paginated list of number order documents.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' is to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The version of the API used for the request.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with devices.
Search query string to filter oauth2PermissionGrants referenced from the current user.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The name of the master auth materials to be set.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the volume container to create or update.
Retrieves the parent section group of a specified page within a site.
The unique identifier for the notification endpoint to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription under which the power bi workspace collection is being created.
The version of the API to use.
Number of top messages to retrieve
Number of top events to retrieve from groups.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The project ID for which the backend service is being updated.
The API version for security pricing configurations in the resource group.
The name of the automation account for which statistics are to be retrieved.
List of directory site IDs to filter the placement groups.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
Indicates whether the search should be grouped by catalog categories.
The parent resource name where the instance will be created. This specifies the region or location for the new instance.
Indicates whether the landing pages are archived.
The maximum number of results to return.
A string query to search across repositories.
The string value used to represent the resource identifier or scope for summarizing policy states.
The maximum number of channels to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the application associated with the campaign.
Retrieve ownership details for an Australian organisation using ACN or ABN; optionally include company name and type (as per ABR).
The package name of the app.
The version of the API being used.
API version string
The unique identifier of the participant to be muted.
The project identifier for which the node template is being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the group from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property attachments are to be updated.
Filter the calendar view results based on specified criteria.
The identifier for the compute node pool.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A filter to narrow down the list of patients based on an identifier and its system.
The unique identifier of the operation from which the tag will be detached.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The navigation property series in workbooks that needs to be updated, identified by the workbookchartseries ID.
The name of the existing IAM policy assignment to be described.
The name of the resource group.
Array of fields to include in the response.
The maximum time, in seconds, allowed for the operation to complete before it is terminated.
Specifies the fields to retrieve from the job data.
The format of the response indicating whether a game is currently being played.
The parameter describes the date when an entry was created, stored as a string.
unique identifier for the user
The parameter 'p_ieaa' is a string used to specify search criteria for retrieving either an array of facilities or an array of clusters.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for selective retrieval of data.
The name of the resource group that contains the data box edge/gateway device.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the team for which the photo navigation property is to be deleted.
The current row of the spending pulse report.
The unique identifier for the device app management task.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property calendarview for users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A string representing the user's authentication token used to retrieve their presence information.
The number of multivalue extended properties to retrieve from users.
A summary description of the custom plugin.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Indicates whether to return the client request ID.
The parameter 'group' is a string that specifies the group to search for entries of type netcdf point file.
The number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Deletes the minor gridlines navigation property for the specified workbook chart.
The version of the API being used to retrieve instance metadata for the virtual machine.
The API version for the request.
the job manager task controls all other tasks that run under this job, by using the task apis
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The zone from which the replica is to be deleted.
fields is a string parameter used to specify which fields to include in the response for the organization boards.
The repository identifier for which opened milestones are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the notebook to be patched.
The accept header specifies the media type that the client is willing to accept in the response.
The version of the API being used.
The IP address of the customer's device making the request.
Number of records to skip in the result set
The format of the schedule.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The response content may vary based on the configuration item's data type.
The unique identifier of the planner task.
The unique identifier for the tender to be deleted.
Number of results to return per page.
The name of the resource group containing the gallery image version to be deleted.
The number of environments to return per page.
Returns details and status for an array of tasks based on a specified feed type or scheduled ID. Specifying both feed type and scheduled ID results in an error. Since schedules are based on feed types, you can specify a schedule (schedule ID) that returns the associated task details.
Creates a mail label for the specified character.
The name of the resource group.
Enables the data synchronization between API and CRM.
list issues across owned and member repositories assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an
creates a new DB cluster from a DB snapshot or DB cluster snapshot. This action only applies to Aurora DB clusters. The target DB cluster is created from the source snapshot with a default configuration. If you don't specify a security group, the new DB cluster is associated with the default security group.
The language parameter specifies the desired language for the response.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the connection monitor to be stopped.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to reimage.
The name of the self-hosted integration runtime node.
The name of the channel to be created.
The parameter 'shop' is a string that specifies the seller's shop identifier for retrieving live listings.
returns a subset of the actions the users in { ids } have taken on the site. this method returns users' posts, edits, and earned badges in the order they were accomplished. it is possible to filter to just a window of activity using the fromdate and todate parameters. { ids } can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for user _ id on user or shallow _ user objects. this method returns a
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to retrieve sections from sites
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage API requests.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the Azure storage account to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of DNS zones to return.
The name of the load balancer associated with the network interfaces.
used to manage attachment notes
the batch service immediately moves the job to the disabling state. batch then uses the disabletasks parameter to determine what to do with the currently running tasks of the job. the job remains in the disabling state until the disable operation is completed and all tasks have been dealt with according to the disabletasks option; the job then moves to the disabled state. no new tasks are started under the job until it moves back to active state. if you try to disable
The version of the API being used.
The scope for which usage details are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket.
The unique identifier for the partition.
The date to which the history is being listed.
The unique identifier of the section group to be updated.
Name of the application gateway to be stopped.
Filter parameter to specify the type of cards to retrieve for a member on a board.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property multivalueExtendedProperties is to be deleted.
The name of the server for which the security alert policy is being retrieved.
The slug of the repository associated with the pull request.
The unique identifier for the node (room, folder, or file) to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The date of the task's directory on its compute node.
Retrieves the minor gridlines setting from the specified workbook table by its ID.
The unique identifier of the section group to retrieve.
The navigation property 'parentsection' in the 'onenotepage' resource, identified by the specified 'id', is updated to reflect the new parent section.
The range facets parameter specifies the filtering criteria for dealers within a certain range around a given point.
The `code` parameter is required when using the `authorization_code` grant type. The `redirect_uri` parameter is also required for the `authorization_code` grant type. The `service`, `username`, and `password` parameters are ignored in this case. For the `client_credentials` grant type, no additional parameters are needed.
describes the specified tags. you can use filters to limit the results. for example, you can query for the tags for a specific auto scaling group. you can specify multiple values for a filter. a tag must match at least one of the specified values for it to be included in the results. you can also specify multiple filters. the result includes information for a particular tag only if it matches all the filters. if there's no match, no special message is returned. for more information, see tagging auto scaling groups and instances in the amazon ec2 auto scaling user guide
Metadata contains additional information about the absence progress, such as configurable fields and their possible values. Defaults provide the default values for a new absence progress object when creating a new record.
The account name used for the transformation.
Allows copying of the video stream when using HTTP Live Streaming.
The date associated with the OCP operation.
The name of the cluster parameter group to return details for. If not specified, returns details for all cluster parameter groups.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating the threat detection policy.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
number of records to skip for pagination
The date when the entry was created, represented as a string.
Lists check runs for a check suite using its `id`.
Specifies whether to return partial success for the request.
Retrieve the title from the workbooks, where the result is an array of selected titles.
Search query to retrieve basetypes from the drive.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
The token used to identify the specific webhook to be deleted.
Specifies the ETag value to ensure the resource being deleted is in the expected state, preventing conflicts during concurrent updates.
Returns an array of Windows Hello for Business authentication methods associated with the current user.
The version of the API being used.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The ID of the calendar group to retrieve multivalue extended properties for.
The user agent string representing the client making the request.
Search for entries of type metadata field
The parameter describes the pricebook item data to be retrieved, specifically for mapping or synchronizing with CRM entities in a coherent manner.
API key for authentication with the CRM application.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The type of service being referred to in the context of metric definitions for queue service.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The batch service supports two ways to control the work done as part of a job. In the first approach, the user specifies a job manager task. The batch service launches this task when it is ready to start the job. The job manager task controls all other tasks that run under this job by using the task APIs. In the second approach, the user directly controls the execution of tasks under an active job by using the task APIs. Also note: when naming jobs, avoid including sensitive information such as user names or secret project names. This information may appear in telemetry.
Order by criteria for sorting the sections.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Indicates whether interstitial placements are accepted.
The unique identifier for the user whose roles are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the participants.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the database data masking policy.
The type parameter specifies the category or kind of user favorite to be updated. It should be provided as a string.
The name of the lab containing the virtual machine to be stopped.
The name of the neighboring system connected to the switch or gateway port.
Retrieve an array of photos from specified groups.
The unique identifier of the attachment to be updated in the groups' navigation property.
The page number for pagination of the liked videos list.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the backup storage details to override the default storage where the backup will be created.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property majorgridlines for workbooks.
The version of the Batch service API to use for the request.
The API version for the operation.
The unique identifier of the group to update the parent section navigation property for.
The unique identifier for the list item.
The unique identifier for the web session or user context.
maximum number of campaign entries to return
The unique identifier for the application associated with the campaign.
Ordering criteria for the columns to be retrieved from the sites.
The instance type for the Elasticsearch domain.
The number of private endpoint connections to retrieve, with a default value of 10.
The navigation property to attachments for the specified mail folder.
The navigation property used to access the package resource scopes associated with an identity governance assignment.
The username of the user to be removed from the issue's watcher list.
The unique identifier for the customer profile resource.
The version of the API being used for integration runtimes.
The name of the cluster to be created from the snapshot.
Specifies the pages to be retrieved from the sites, allowing for expanded data inclusion.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property instances related to users.
The identifier of the user to delete the associated educational activities for.
The number of steps to retrieve.
Whether to orphan the dependents of the certificate signing request
Token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The secret API key used to authenticate and authorize the request to set the customer's plus card PIN.
The unique identifier for the windowsinformationprotectionnetworklearningsummary object to be deleted.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results when listing pull requests.
Specifies the field by which to order the results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the CDN profile is located.
Indicates whether to include the header information in the response.
Indicates whether to delete dependent resources that are orphaned (not managed by another resource).
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Custom field item information for the API2CRM user key.
The parameter 'resourcetype' is a string that specifies the type of resource to be retrieved.
End date for the creation timestamp of payments
This operation is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.
The certificate cannot be deleted if it is currently in use by any resource, such as a pool or compute node. Ensure that the certificate is not associated with any existing pools, is not installed on any compute nodes (even after removal from a pool, it remains on compute nodes until they restart), and no running tasks depend on it. Attempting to delete a certificate that is in use will result in deletion failure, and the certificate status will reflect this change.
The repository to be added to the watch list.
The parameter refers to the identifier of the access package assignment resource role within the identity governance context.
The name of the snapshot to update.
The name of the resource group that contains the backend.
The unique identifier for the symbol upload.
Deletes the specified multivalue legacy extended property associated with the navigation property.
Specifies the targeting type to filter the targeting options for the campaign.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property columns associated with sites.
The name of the role for which the access profile is being retrieved.
The format parameter specifies the type of output format for the API response.
The name of the key to be recovered.
team name
The unique identifier for the team.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The title of the joke to be added to the private collection.
Specifies whether to include cases associated with a model in the response.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime Voice Connector for which SIP credentials are being listed.
The name of the resource group where the private endpoint connection is located.
list issues in a repository. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull request id, use the " [ list pull requests
name of the repository
The number of host security profiles to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the campaign.
find issues by state and keyword. this method returns up to 100 results [ per page ] ( https : / / docs. github. com / enterprise - server @ 3. 1 / rest / overview / resources - in - the - rest - api # pagination ). when searching for issues, you can get text match metadata for the issue * * title * *
A unique identifier used by Zuora to track the payment method.
The maximum number of results to return.
The version of the API used for the deployments operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of access packages to skip for the current result set.
Specifies the health evaluation policy to use for aggregating the health state. If not provided, the application health policy defined in the application manifest or the default health policy is used.
The name of the workspace to retrieve office365 consents for.
Creates a route in a route table within a VPC. You must specify one of the following targets: internet gateway, virtual private gateway, NAT instance, NAT gateway, VPC peering connection, network interface, or egress-only internet gateway. When determining how to route traffic, the system uses the route with the most specific match. For example, if traffic is destined for the IPv4 address 192.0.2.3 and the route table includes two IPv4 routes: 192.0.2.0/24 and 192.0.2.0/25, the more specific route (192.0.2.0/25) will be used.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
number of pages to retrieve
The parameter description is: a string representing the user token in the ClearBlade system.
Details to be expanded in the request.
The version of the API being used for the update operation.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
An array containing access package resources from the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the lambda function definition.
The unique identifier for the WhatsApp user associated with the uploaded media to be deleted.
Maximum latitude limit for the search query.
The navigation property sections in sites that is being updated, identified by the sectiongroup ID.
The name of the resource group to check for association with the user entity.
The name of the server endpoint to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
time period over which the latency data is aggregated
The API version to use for the request.
retrieves the list of licenses available in the specified project. this method does not get any licenses that belong to other projects, including licenses attached to publicly - available images, like debian 9. if you want to get a list of publicly - available licenses, use this method to make a
A unique identifier for the credit note to be retrieved.
Indicates whether the filing is an amended version of a previous filing.
The unique identifier for the variable whose labels are to be listed.
Filters the response based on the status of payment runs. If set to `null`, returns payment runs where the status field is null.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the connection strings.
number of mailfolders to retrieve
A token that specifies the next page of results. If present, it indicates that there are additional pages of results to retrieve.
The navigation property accesspackageresource for identitygovernance that is identified by the specified ID.
The parameter 'x-bunq-geolocation' is a string used to specify the geolocation for retrieving a single device, which can be either a devicephone or a deviceserver.
The navigation property to update the workbook chart.
Deletes the workflow-issue type mapping for a specified workflow within a workflow scheme. If the workflow scheme is active, setting `updatedraftifneeded` to `true` will create or update a draft workflow scheme with the mapping removed. The draft can later be published in Jira. Requires the "Administer Jira" global permission.
The API version for the request.
The unique identifier for the leave policy to retrieve.
This API returns a list of currently active auction cars based on specified search criteria, supporting pagination up to 5000 results. It enables searching by geographic location within a radius, filtering by year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and querying multiple year-make-model combinations.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The authorization token used to authenticate the request.
returns aggregate for users
The unique identifier for the application scope.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the version of the application to which prebuilt entities will be added.
maximum resolution to request, device type to target, and one or more delivery types to filter by
The unique identifier for the user.
The navigation property parentsectiongroup in users to be updated.
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property instances related to users.
The calendar ID used to retrieve exception occurrences.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the payout.
The navigation property pages in users that needs to be updated, identified by the onenotepage ID.
Search for RVs based on geographic location within a specified radius, specific year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and filter results by multiple criteria in a single request. Results are paginated with a maximum of 5000 rows.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A string representing the type of contact.
Stops any further changes to the pool, maintaining its current state after the stop operation.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The time interval in seconds after which the pool will timeout if no activity is detected.
The unique identifier for the job associated with the debug configuration.
The unique identifier for the unified role eligibility request.
The name of the cache parameter group to modify.
The name parameter represents the identifier for the site.
An array containing the last n frames that have been processed from the stream.
Specifies whether unknown fields should be rejected during the update of a subscription.
The name of the express route circuit to retrieve information about.
The name of the hub to retrieve the KPI from.
Specifies the condition for matching; if set to 'none', no matching criteria are applied.
The name of the resource group.
The parent resource where the pretargeting configuration will be created. This is typically the account or bidder resource ID.
The project ID to filter images by.
The navigation property assigned to task board format for the specified planner task.
Number of columns to include before the target column.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'p_nsps' is a string that specifies the search criteria for retrieving either an array of facilities or an array of clusters.
The identifier of the email template for which details are to be retrieved.
The alias name for the template.
An array of metrics to include in the report.
The API version for the operation.
API key for authentication, used to create a contact email for a user.
The unique identifier for the device custom attribute shell script.
The version of the API to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the certificate order.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The starting index for the list of featured song lists.
The parameter 'user-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a user.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the consumer group to retrieve from the event hub endpoint.
Authentication token used for accessing the API.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing customization of the data returned for each event.
The unique identifier of the user profile.
The maximum number of domain names that can be returned in a single request.
Filters the access package resources based on specified criteria.
A string filter to match projects based on specified criteria.
The API version to use for the request.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
The unique identifier of the drive item to update.
The type of the 'kind' parameter is string.
The unique identifier for the access package resource environment.
The unique identifier for the user.
Retrieve the teamsapp associated with the specified chats, returning an array of results.
Indicates whether the payment should be processed in raw format.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The rule number of the traffic mirror rule to be modified.
Specifies the number of results to return per page.
The name of the service to retrieve.
The name of the resource group that contains the app service plan.
A unique identifier generated by the client to track the request.
The name of the policy assignment to retrieve.
Specifies the ETag (entity tag) to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property deviceConfigurationStates. If the ETag provided does not match the current version of the resource, the deletion will be rejected.
The name of the storage account to be updated.
The unique identifier for the farm.
The parameter 'user' is a string representing the identifier for the user whose contact phones are to be retrieved.
The name of the load balancer for which the backed address pools are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The IP address of the customer's device.
The version of the API to use for retrieving the backup configuration.
The name of the resource for which the verification code is generated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response, allowing for deeper retrieval of nested data.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
payment source identifier used to filter placements
The name of the migration job to be promoted.
The name parameter specifies the unique identifier for the new hybrid connection.
The name of the resource group.
Authorization token required for authentication.
The unique identifier for the event from which attachments are to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The project key used to identify the specific project for which expiring flag dates are being retrieved.
The number of history items to retrieve for the user.
Number of defined filters.
Photos added to scouting notes are capped at 20MB (20,971,520 bytes), and any photo larger than this limit will not be stored. For downloads exceeding 5MB (5,242,880 bytes), the download must be performed in chunks that are no larger than 5MB and no smaller than 1MB.
Specifies whether to return partial success if some backendservices cannot be retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the front door.
The navigation property 'plannertask' with the specified ID to be updated in the 'users' entity.
The name of the resource group.
Search string to get the reference of member of from groups
The parent parameter specifies the domain where the SQL integrations are listed.
Description of the parameter 'checkitemstates' for the API 'getboardscardsbyidboard': A string indicating the state of the check items to be retrieved.
The machine image creation request must include data for the new machine image. If updating an existing instance, ensure the new machine image uses the same network or subnetwork as the original instance.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy.
search expression to filter orders in the ecommerce system
The string to be completed with keyword suggestions.
The API version of the data box edge device.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The unique identifier for the logger to be updated.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
The unique identifier for the group.
The name of the resource group associated with the API.
Deletes a specific assignment without triggering any expansion or cascading effects. The operation removes the direct association between the specified entities and the reservation, leaving other assignments intact. For example, if an organization contains multiple projects and reservations are linked to these projects, removing one assignment will only affect that particular link, not others. This ensures precise control over resource associations without unintended side effects.
The API version used for the request.
The number of results per page (default: 30)
The name of the resource group.
A string value used for authentication to access the API.
Retrieve the claim mapping policies associated with service principals.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the customer within the Frankie system.
The name parameter represents the publisher name of the virtual machine image.
Specifies the FIPS code for filtering the query results.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
page number for pagination
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The number of results to return per page.
The ETag value used for conditional requests to ensure the metadata is not overwritten by another update.
The URL for the LinkedIn profile associated with the account.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the service for which the policy configuration is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the query / retrieve operation.
filter parameter to retrieve licensedetails from me
An array of web IDs of the referenced elements to be removed from the child elements collection.
The accept parameter is a string that likely represents an acceptance token or identifier required to process or confirm the request for retrieving Achmea insurance contracts.
The Google Cloud Storage path where the template is located.
The `ref` parameter can be a SHA, branch name, or tag name.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the company.
The unique identifier of the site where the notebook is located.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account for which the failover priority is being changed.
The unique identifier for the device whose position history is being retrieved.
limits the number of route tables returned in the response.
for clusters that have the repair manager service configured, this API provides a way to create repair tasks that run automatically or manually. for repair tasks that run automatically, an appropriate repair executor must be running for each repair action to run automatically. these are currently only available in specially -
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user role to be deleted.
The name of the IAM role to associate with the DB instance for Amazon RDS access to AWS Directory Service.
ids: semicolon delimited list of question IDs to retrieve
Specifies the source object to copy from, using the request header x-amz-copy-source. Defines the byte range of the source object to copy, using the request header x-amz-copy-source-range. The minimum allowable part size for a multipart upload is 5 MB.
The duration in seconds to wait before deleting the event, allowing for a grace period.
The fuel energy density in megajoules per liter.
The unique identifier for the application.
The region for the user's notes management.
The version of the API being used for the last msdeploy operation.
The Azure location for which virtual machine image publishers are being retrieved.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the event channel.
The unique identifier for the juniper switch data source.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the application.
The name of the tag to be deleted.
The tag name must not exceed 512 characters and is case insensitive. It cannot start with the prefixes 'microsoft', 'azure', or 'windows'.
The name of the account for which streaming policies are listed.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The publisher of the platform image.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
Number of top plans to retrieve.
Number of records to skip for the result set
reports the current status of an operation to CloudFormation; used internally by the CloudFormation CLI
Specifies the entity type to search for, required for the autocomplete search feature.
The name of the resource group containing the search service.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Specifies the fields or related data to include in the response, expanding the detail level of the financial data.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The date to which the search is limited.
The unique identifier of the calendar group to be updated in the user's navigation property extensions.
Retrieve the font information from the specified workbook table using its unique identifier.
The navigation property representing the parent notebook for the section group.
The maximum number of results to return.
The revenue schedule number used to identify and retrieve the basic information of a specific revenue schedule.
offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving the list of competitions, used for pagination.
The API version to be checked for availability.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property methods related to users.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the unified role eligibility schedule to be deleted.
starts a task that restores an AMI from an Amazon S3 object that was previously created by using CreateStoreImageTask. To use this API, you must have the required permissions. For more information, see Permissions for storing and restoring AMIs using Amazon S3 in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide. For more information, see Store and restore an AMI using Amazon S3.
Retrieve a list of search results based on the specified criteria.
The path to the device used for the express route circuit.
The name of the resource group.
The propagation policy for the deletion of the validating webhook configuration.
draft pull requests are available in public repositories with GitHub Free and GitHub Free for Organizations, GitHub Pro, and legacy per-repository billing plans, and in public and private repositories with GitHub Team and GitHub Enterprise Cloud. For more information, see [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests).
The association IDs of the target networks linked to the specified Client VPN endpoint.
The project identifier where the new policy will be created.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property tables associated with workbooks.
The IPv4 prefix delegation prefixes to be unassigned from the network interface.
The API version used for the request.
models associated with a gene
Extended search parameters for nearby locations
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the network to retrieve details for.
The version of the API being used.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
Allows copying of the video stream without re-encoding.
A unique identifier for the request.
Filter criteria for retrieving recommendations related to purchasing reserved instances.
The name of the resource group where the API Management service instance is located.
Parameter description: A string used to specify the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the storage account for which the access key will be regenerated.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to search for entries of type cohort.
Retrieve role assignment schedules from the role management system.
Ordering criteria for the joined teams reference list.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The start date for retrieving inbox placement and engagement rates.
Specifies the sorting order for the leads returned by the API.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property sectiongroups for groups.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the service fabric cluster.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification, used to check if the job has been updated since that time.
The navigation property 'font' in workbooks that corresponds to the specified workbook chart ID.
The unique identifier for the managed device mobile app configuration entity.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to filter or specify the type of entries to search for, specifically related to cod sounding data.
The version of the API being used.
The number of resources to skip for the current result set.
The name of the traffic manager profile to be updated.
The name of the organization for which the list of apps is being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the group.
The name of the resource group containing the container registry.
Creates a consent resource that defines access rights to specific accounts for a given PSU (Payment Service User) ID. The accounts to be accessed are explicitly specified as parameters in the method. If the consent request includes a recurring indicator set to true, and a previous recurring consent for account information already exists for the same PSU, the prior consent will automatically expire upon creation of the new one.
Returns summary information about stack sets associated with the user.
The name of the packet capture session to stop.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The maximum number of network policies to return.
The version of the API used for updating authentication and authorization settings.
The name of the resource group containing the provisioning service.
The parameter 'x-sds-auth-token' is a string used for authentication to delete an existing OAuth client. It must be provided with the appropriate permissions to modify global configurations and manage provider customer settings.
An array of related entities to include in the response, allowing for nested data retrieval.
Specifies a date and time filter to retrieve only timesheets that have been modified since the given date and time.
API description: returns aggregate for posts   Parameter description: user API key for authentication
the field by which the results should be sorted
The unique identifier for the node.
Specifies whether to return partial success results if some autoscalers fail to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the distribution to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
Name of the resource to commit the failover for.
list of tweets liked by the specified user ID
page: the page number for pagination (default is 1)   size: the number of recordings per page (default is 10)
The unique identifier for the notification.
Number of pages to retrieve from groups.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
determines whether the specified (directional) relationship exists between the specified source and target assets. the relation describes the intent of the link between the two assets as claimed by the source asset. an example for such relationships is the delegation of privileges or permissions. this command is most often used by infrastructure systems to check preconditions for an action. for example, a client may want to know if it is ok to send
The project associated with the rule of the specified priority.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The Azure subscription ID used to identify the specific subscription.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to retrieve tags for.
name: endpointname   type: string   description: The name of the endpoint for which origin groups are being listed.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual network gateway.
The project identifier for which the list of route resources is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the calendar group to be canceled.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.
Retrieve multiple extended properties from user records.
A unique identifier for a PI Point, PI Asset, or PI Server in the PI System.
The unique identifier for the product to which images will be added or replaced.
The unique identifier for the entity model.
The unique identifier for the user.
search query for filtering approleassignments
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the fields to include in the response for the card. If 'me' is provided as the username, the response will reflect the user associated with the supplied token.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the group policy migration report.
The unique identifier of the node where the user account is located.
The name of the packet capture session to retrieve.
The name of the volume to be deleted.
The customer parameter specifies the unique identifier for the customer organization for which the report is being generated.
The base address of the scaled-out instance for which process information is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the application in the Apideck system.
user-agent string for scheduling payments
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a multivalue legacy extended property that is being deleted from the navigation property.
The navigation property 'pages' in groups, which represents a collection of OneNote pages associated with a specific group.
The ID of the drive item representing the workbook.
A string representing valid LH deep links, specifically for redirecting to the shopping cart on lh.com.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The zone where the target instance is located.
starts asynchronous cancellation on a long-running operation. the server makes a best effort to cancel the operation, but success is not guaranteed. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `google.rpc.Code.UNIMPLEMENTED`. clients can use operations.get operation or other methods to check whether the cancellation succeeded or whether the operation completed despite cancellation. on successful cancellation, the operation is not deleted; instead, it becomes an operation with an operation.error value with a `google.rpc.Status` indicating the cancellation.
An array of spot instance request IDs to be canceled.
The navigation property salescreditmemolines for financials with the specified ID will be deleted.
The token used for authentication to access the labels board by ID and label by field.
The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies the field by which the activities should be ordered.
number of sectiongroups to retrieve
email address of the coach marking the learners
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
The name of the resource group where the hybrid connection will be created.
requests a list of missing file keys that may be generated by the current user
Specifies the region to filter addresses by.
The term used to search for the ICIS NPDES compliance monitoring type code and description.
update an existing OS policy assignment, creating a new revision and returning a long-running operation (LRO) with rollout details that can be cancelled.
The name of the resource group containing the integration account schema.
longitude coordinate of the location
The unique identifier of the OneNote page to be patched.
The parameter describes the hosted zone ID for which traffic policy instances are being retrieved.
protected branches are available in public repositories with GitHub Free and GitHub Free for Organizations, and in both public and private repositories with GitHub Pro, GitHub Team, GitHub Enterprise Cloud, and GitHub Enterprise Server. For more information, see [GitHub's Products](https://docs.github.com/github/getting-started-with-github/githubs-products) in the GitHub Help documentation. When authenticated with a personal access token or OAuth token, you can manage protected branch settings through the API.
Number of methods to skip
The API key for the user in the x-api2crm integration.
The type parameter specifies the category of items to update, either 'brand' or 'series'.
Search query to find owned objects belonging to the current user.
The API version to use for the request.
The parent resource name for the project and location.
The name of the resource group containing the worker pool to be scaled.
Retrieves a PDF file containing all comments added by senders and recipients to the documents within an envelope. Note: Comments are disabled by default; account administrators must enable them by setting the `enablesigningextensioncomments` property to `true` in the `accountsettingsinformation` object.
filter parameter is used to specify the criteria for filtering the leave calendar items based on the leave type 'opname'.
the image detail search api lets you search on bing and get back insights about an image, such as webpages that include the image. this section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request insights of images and the json response objects that contain them
reports health state of the application deployed on a service fabric node. the report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported. the report is sent to a service fabric gateway service, which forwards to the health store. the report may be accepted by the gateway, but rejected by the health store after extra validation. for example, the health store may reject the report because of an invalid parameter, like a stale sequence number. to see whether the report was applied in the health store, get deployed application health and check that the report appears
The name of the long-running operation to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Number of sections to retrieve from the groups.
The maximum number of contacts to retrieve.
The name of the resource group for which to retrieve all domains.
The navigation property to resources for education with the ID 'educationsubmission'.
A set of configuration settings to validate against the provided template or environment.
The unique identifier for the project column to be moved.
cycle: The two-year period used for aggregating financial reports, named after the even-numbered year and including the preceding year. For example, the cycle 2014 includes the years 2013 and 2014. In odd-numbered years, the current cycle refers to the upcoming even-numbered year (e.g., in 2015, the current cycle is 2016).
The unique identifier for the group.
The protocol used for the reachability analysis.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group whose permissions are being listed.
Whether to watch for changes to the objects of kind PodDisruptionBudget.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The OAuth2 provider must be enabled in the Appwrite console before use. The success and failure parameters should contain redirect URLs to return to your application after login completion. If a session already exists, the new session will be linked to the logged-in account; otherwise, the server will attempt to locate an existing account based on the OAuth2 provider's response.
Definition of the column 'id' in the sites table.
The unique identifier for the drive item (such as a file or folder) in Microsoft Graph. This ID is used to reference the specific workbook resource.
The date to which the search should be limited, specified as a string in a recognized date format.
The name of the storage sync service.
Indicates whether the route should be a roundtrip, returning to the starting point.
The unique identifier for the chat message.
The navigation property format for the workbookchart resource in workbooks.
name: The name of the operation resource. This parameter is used to filter operations based on the specified resource name scheme, which can be overridden in service configuration to support different naming patterns (e.g., users/*/operations).
The unique identifier for the store.
The unique identifier for the location to search around.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The scope of the folder metadata to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The unique identifier for the resource being referenced.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
The order in which the dataset records should be sorted.
The ID of the Google Analytics account to link with the Firebase project.
The duration in seconds to wait for the application upgrade to complete before timing out.
Retrieve exception occurrences from the specified groups.
Specifies the types of items to include in the results, such as artists, albums, or tracks.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of debug tokens.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
Specifies the navigation properties to expand in the response.
Name of the deployment to retrieve operations for.
The identifier for the tenant associated with the menu item.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The maximum number of ledger accounts to return.
The name of the workflow to retrieve triggers for.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the virtual network gateway to be deleted.
searches all recorders
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A unique identifier for the storage farm.
The end date of the timespan for which to retrieve return activity summary.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The parameter describes the resource group name, which is a string used to organize and manage related resources.
Maximum number of syllables to return for the word.
Returns the count of children references from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the merchant center account.
The unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the DICOM patient in Orthanc.
The version of the API being used to delete the service topology.
The unique identifier for the service fabric application to disable periodic backup for.
The identifier of the named value whose entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
An array of fields to include in the response for each site.
Returns the list of domains registered in the account. The results may be split into multiple pages. To retrieve subsequent pages, make the call again using the nextpageToken returned by the initial call. This operation is eventually consistent. The results are best effort and may not exactly reflect recent updates and changes. Access control: You can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon SWF resources as follows: use a resource element with the domain name to limit the action to only specified domains. The element must be set to arn:aws:swf:
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
The maximum number of workflow run actions to retrieve.
The maximum number of phone numbers to return in the response.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID.
The unique identifier for the tenant.
when a task is deleted, all files in its directory on the compute node where it ran are also deleted, regardless of retention time. For multi-instance tasks, the delete operation applies synchronously to the primary task; subtasks and their files are then deleted asynchronously.
Specifies additional related resources to include in the response, such as associated data or nested objects.
Phrases used in categories
Retrieve terms from the term store as an array.
The name of the Cassandra table for which the RU/s (request units per second) is being retrieved.
List of currencies to include in the response, specified as a comma-separated list.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the section group to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the call transfer operation.
The date from which to retrieve cards, specified in ISO 8601 format.
A filter expression that filters resources based on a property's value. Filters are case-sensitive and have no default operator. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instanceTemplates/list for more details.
The domain name to be renewed.
Indicates whether the SSO integration is active or not.
The Azure region where the virtual machine extension image versions are located.
The name of the resource group where the app is deployed.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The version of the API to use.
search criteria for rv inventory, including geographic location, year, make, model, and specification attributes
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier for the purchase order that needs to be acknowledged.
The name of the resource group.
base64 image in the request payload
Indicates that no new jobs will be created until the job schedule is re-enabled.
The name of the resource group associated with the snapshot.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourceroles in the identitygovernance context.
Search query for channels
The unique identifier for the group from which brands are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the managed app operation.
The region associated with the specified address resource.
The maximum number of results to return.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The expand parameter specifies additional properties to include in the response.
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
The name of the frontend endpoint to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the conversation thread to be updated within the specified group.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The API version identifier, typically used to specify the version of the API being invoked.
The identifier for the access package resource role associated with the identity governance navigation property.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Search query to filter device management troubleshooting events.
An array of user IDs to be included in the Redis user group.
A string query for performing geometry-based searches.
The unique identifier for the invoice attachment to be downloaded.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of items to return.
name of the firewall rule to create or update
The name of the endpoint that contains the custom domain.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The IP address of the PSU (Power Supply Unit).
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for the results, used for pagination.
The API version to use for the request.
An array containing sales credit memo lines retrieved from the financials system.
The location of the resource for which health information is being requested.
Options for configuring the request behavior, such as pagination settings, filtering criteria, and other query-specific parameters.
The unique identifier for the installed application on the device.
The name of the network security group containing the rule to be deleted.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
IP port of the PSU (Payment Service User)
Number of entries to skip for the result set
The navigation property target in identity governance that is being updated, identified by the access package assignment ID.
The unique identifier for the iteration being tested.
The account name associated with the share subscription to be reinstated.
The authorization namespace for the resource group level policy assignment.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group containing the route table.
The unique identifier for the fax media instance to be retrieved.
The name of the local network gateway to retrieve.
The ID of the drive item (workbook) for which the navigation property font is to be deleted.
The date for which the statistics are aggregated, covering all pools that have ever existed in the account from account creation to the last update time of the statistics.
The type of log being referenced, which is used to generate the PDF report for a specific site ID.
The unique identifier of the runner group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property fields related to shares.
The authentication token for the bunq client, used to authorize access to the user's annual overviews.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The token used to authenticate the device for deletion from the system.
The name of the application gateway to be updated.
list of meraki mg cellular gateway serials in the organization
The last message or the most recent entry in the messaging history for a single topic.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the Windows Information Protection device registration.
returns aggregate for tasks
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property sectiongroups for sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the relation to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
An array of cuepoints to be inserted into the broadcast.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property applogcollectionrequests is to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The subnetwork to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the DNS zone.
An array of tag IDs to be associated with the uploaded content.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' for groups is deleted.
The unique identifier code for the attribute.
The diagnostic category used to identify the type of detector.
List of related entities to include in the response.
Number of replies to skip for pagination
Sorting direction for popular programmes (e.g., ascending or descending).
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the calendar permission to be deleted.
The number of results to return per page.
Search query to filter token issuance policies by reference from applications.
The unique identifier for a client request in the bunq system, used to manage IP addresses associated with a user's credential for server authentication.
The ID of the section group to be deleted.
The version of the API being used for the update operation.
The unique identifier for the employer whose dashboard URL is being requested.
The tag associated with the access point, used to identify the specific network or device for which wireless client counts are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the server.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the dataset to be exported in CSV format.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
This endpoint serves multiple purposes, including retrieving a list of currently active OEM incentives based on specified search criteria. It supports searching cars by geographic location within a radius, filtering by year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and performing multi-criteria searches for multiple year-make-model combinations in a single request. Results are paginated with a maximum limit of 10,000 rows.
The unique identifier for the organization.
Specifies the sorting order for the list of subaccounts.
A string that serves as a marker for the current position in the list of node configurations, used to paginate through results.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
A unique identifier for the request. This field is used to ensure idempotency of the operation.
The number of users to return in the result set.
gets the health of a service fabric node. use eventshealthstatefilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the node based on the health state. use clusterhealthpolicy in the post body to override the health policies used to evaluate the health. if
The unique identifier of the issue from which the comment is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the API.
The maximum number of developer groups to return in the response.
Specifies the number of entities to return.
A string representing the key of the event for which a short-form list of team objects is requested.
The version of the API being used.
maximum zinc content allowed in the search results, specified as a number
The network to be retrieved.
The language setting for bunq user interface.
The parameter 'h' is an integer that represents the annotation data.
The format of the response, which can be either json or jsonp.
The unique identifier for the team involved in the migration process.
The duration of time for which the data is aggregated.
The subscription ID associated with the API management service resource.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The unique identifier of the wireless gateway to be disassociated from its currently associated thing.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin graph to update.
The unique identifier for the event being accepted.
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, such as using `users/*/operations`, by specifying a custom binding like `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` in the service configuration. This enables flexibility in defining resource paths while maintaining backward compatibility with the default naming convention that includes the operations collection ID.
The unique identifier of the site for which the parent section navigation property is to be deleted.
used to determine the recipient account requirements for transferwise transfers
The unique identifier for the device management script.
The name of the server where the database will be created or updated.
Retrieves definitions, pronunciations, example sentences, grammatical information, and word origins for dictionary headwords. Use lemmatron first if the input is inflected.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the workflow to be triggered.
Gets all permission objects for the application.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the application.
Specifies the job to be terminated and marked as completed.
The version of the API being used.
An array of key-value pairs to associate with the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the trained LUIS application to be packaged.
The name of the workspace to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the custom object bulk job.
An array of taxon identifiers associated with the phenotype.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the job schedule.
The path to the task file to be deleted from the compute node.
The language code for the achievement progress, specified as a string.
The constant speed consumption in kWh per hundred kilometers.
The name of the keyspace in the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the playback session used to retrieve the video stream.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for nested data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to filter service principals by entity name or identifier.
The unique identifier of the resource for which the remediation is created or updated.
The name of the workspace to be updated.
The parameter describes the name of the operational insights resource provider.
The unique identifier for the company.
The name of the server for which the security alert policy is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The type of car to search for, such as sedan, SUV, or truck.
search query to find effective rules from policies
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
Specifies the earliest date and time that the job schedule was last modified, used to filter job schedules based on their modification timestamp.
Retrieve a list of activities associated with the user.
The unique identifier for the company.
The name of the service associated with the report records.
List of fields to include in the response for each subscription.
Indicates whether the API supports operations across all drives.
The API version to use for the request.
filter parameter to specify activation settings, focus datetime requested, or greater than criteria
Number of shifts to skip for pagination.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The ID of the last user seen in the previous page. Use this parameter to fetch the next page of users.
The unique identifier for the defined benefit pension within the plan.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The version of the API to use when stopping the application gateway.
auto-complete the inputs of your end users using taxonomy (decoder database), not from active set
The unique identifier for the certificate, typically a hexadecimal string representing the certificate's hash.
search for articles using filters such as brandfamily, category, or color; supports adjusting page size (default: 20, max: 200) and reducing returned fields per article
Text to search for entries of type mccords irmcr2 data.
Retrieve survey results from the Zoom Meetings Client Feedback survey, allowing you to specify a monthly date range using the `from` and `to` query parameters. The date range must fall within the last six months.
The number of connector versions to return per page.
The unique identifier for the SIM card.
The region associated with the bunq account.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the team from which operations are to be retrieved.
The token used to authenticate requests to the Postmark server.
The version of the API being referenced.
The unique identifier of the router response to be deleted.
token for pagination
Number of operations to skip
The name of the virtual machine to be created.
The unique identifier of the cart to which the coupon will be added.
The API secret key to be revoked.
The identifier of the group to which the parent notebook belongs.
The page number for pagination of the list of open repository invitations.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the fields to be returned for each account.
The diagnostic category used to filter or identify site analyses.
disables task scheduling on the specified compute node
The API version used for the operation to delete a tag from the subcontractor.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the workspace for which the schema is to be retrieved.
Deletes all versions of the bot, including the $LATEST version.
list all alerts for a department
Specifies the priority of the read replica in case of failover. A lower value indicates higher priority.
The navigation property sections in users that needs to be updated, identified by the specified section ID.
List of fields to include in the response, separated by commas.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The municipality subdivision, typically representing a smaller administrative division within a municipality.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The type of the entity that is classified, such as 'series', 'episode', or 'campaign'.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes a unique identifier for a device custom attribute shell script used in device management.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The parent endpoint to which the listed endpoints belong.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the group whose archived print jobs are to be retrieved.
The name of the package to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the device.
The name of the container group.
The file or folder path to update.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for expanded details of the column links.
Retrieve a list of events associated with the user.
The timeout in seconds for the deletion operation.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Gets information about applications in the Service Fabric cluster matching specified filters, including name, type, status, parameters, and other details. Supports pagination when results exceed a page.
Text to search for entries of type assay.
The unique identifier for the application whose event stream is to be deleted.
The parameter 'driveitem-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify which item the action should be applied to.
The video codec used for the video stream.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the profile to be used for the CDN endpoint.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of decimal places for the currency unit.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
Indicates whether the route calculation should include a round trip, returning to the starting point.
The unique identifier for the profile associated with the filter link.
The YTD (Year-to-Date) amount for the boulder 2017 election contributions.
The form type indicates the category or classification of the report, specifying the kind of data being processed or submitted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the outlook category.
Indicates whether deleted events should be included in the results.
The unique identifier for the group from which posts are to be retrieved.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
Unique identifier for the test step.
The tag associated with the assignments.
The unique identifier for the document to be deleted.
Retrieve the font information from the specified workbook table using its unique identifier.
Search terms to be used in the basic search function compliant with the OpenSearch specification.
Specifies whether video stream copying is allowed during audio stream processing.
The slot identifier for the premier add-on to be deleted.
A comma-separated list of fields to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the resource to subscribe to.
The region associated with the bunq service.
The unique identifier for the user requesting the approve action.
Retrieve a list of teachers associated with the education system.
returns expression events for a gene
The developer token used for authentication to access devices.
Filters the results based on the specified criteria.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The name of the resource group that contains the repository.
The number of extensions to retrieve from the groups.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The predefined tag name from which the value is to be deleted.
The navigation property that represents the device installation states for the device app management.
The maximum number of results to return in a list response.
The name of the resource group containing the recovery plan.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single page. If not specified, the default value is 1000.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the Azure resource group containing the pipelines.
A string used to search for aquifers.
Specifies whether the server returns the client request ID in the response.
Retrieve an array of tabs from the chats.
Specifies the page size for the response set in the query search.
The ID of the pool to which the user account will be added.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The maximum number of items to return.
Number of pages to retrieve from the sites.
The current scheduling state of the node must be disabled to enable task scheduling.
The Bnet membership ID of the user whose partner SKU and offer history is being requested.
The unique identifier for the client device.
The unique identifier for the operation being retrieved.
The loan term for financing options, typically expressed in months (e.g., 36, 48, 60).
The name of the runbook to be published.
The member creator fields associated with the supplied token.
The unique identifier for the specific assigned item instance.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials record.
Lists all desk phone devices configured with Zoom Phone on an account. To view devices that have not yet been assigned to a user, set the `type` query parameter to `unassigned`.
The postal code used to retrieve the current weather observation.
The unique identifier for the collection to retrieve metrics from.
Minimum latitude for searching sec edgar filing entries.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The employment ID used to identify the specific employment record for which the hourly wage deviation is being posted.
The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account.
Specifies the token to indicate where to start reading the next set of results. You need to provide this when continuing a list operation that was previously truncated.
Delete a webinar's poll.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of results to return in a single call.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most fields support filtering, including `id`, `name`, `status`, and `creationTimestamp`. Some fields support multiple expressions. For example, `name=foo*` or `name=foo* AND status=RUNNING`.
Minimum length of the word to be returned.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response, allowing for deeper traversal of related data.
The navigation property listitem in shares that needs to be updated, identified by the itemactivityold ID.
The friendly name of the hosted number order.
Specifies the field to order the results by.
The unique identifier for the comment to be updated.
The API version to use for the operation.
The name of the add-on to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the DB instance to modify.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving data, typically used to paginate through a dataset.
The unique identifier for the payment method.
Number of records to skip for the pagination.
A string used to filter the list of project users based on a search query.
Indicates whether to validate the shared flow revision before updating. If set to true, the system performs validation checks on the uploaded shared flow.
The type of source control system (e.g., Git, SVN).
The version of the API being deployed or created for the website or deployment slot.
Returns user and organization accounts associated with the specified plan, including free plans. For per-seat pricing, displays the list of accounts that have purchased the plan, including the number of seats purchased. Shows upcoming pending changes for plan updates that will be processed at the end of the billing cycle. GitHub Apps must use a JWT.
Specifies the maximum number of pools to return in the response.
Specifies the data partition to be enabled, applicable only to directories that are currently disabled.
The x-tyk-authorization header value used for API authorization.
The unique identifier for the CI/CD job.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
sort parameter for ordering the results, typically by entity type or cumulative total
The identifier for the onenotesection to be deleted.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The date on which the payment is scheduled or processed.
Retrieve an array of points from the specified workbooks.
The date associated with the OCP (Oracle Cloud Platform) task, indicating when the task was terminated and moved to the completed state. For multi-instance tasks, this refers to the primary task's termination date, while subtasks are terminated asynchronously afterward.
number of sectiongroups to retrieve
The unique identifier for the publication item.
The version of the API being used.
The date and time when the media content was last updated, formatted as a string.
The reference to the source column from sites, specifically the content type ID.
The project identifier for which the list of snapshot resources is to be retrieved.
Specifies the property to order the results by.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the channel within the team.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The identifier for the on-premises agent group associated with the publishing profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The lines property contains the first handful of items when retrieving a credit note preview. Use this URL to retrieve the full (paginated) list of line items.
The name of the resource group containing the databox edge/gateway device.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The name of the peer ASN to retrieve.
The name of the resource group containing the appliance definitions.
The navigation property 'pages' in the 'users' entity should be updated with the specified section group ID.
The parent resource name, which identifies the cluster for which the OIDC discovery document is being retrieved.
The name of the security rule to be deleted.
The name of the automation account.
The name of the resource group where the event hubs namespace is located.
The parameter describes the lifetime of the API2CRM integration, specifying how long the post remains active or relevant within the system.
The name of the route table to create or update.
The number of sections to retrieve from users.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being requested.
The speed of the switch or gateway port.
The date when the sample entry was last changed.
The number of tasks to retrieve from users.
The parent resource path for the imported artifacts.
The name of the entity to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version used for the operation.
The name of the fabric associated with the backed up item.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the locality, typically representing a city, town, or other geographic area.
Filters the access package assignment policies based on specified criteria.
creates a new database instance that acts as a read replica for an existing source database instance, supporting MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server.
The navigation property events in users is updated with the specified event ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the on-premises agent group.
The unique identifier of the package to be deleted.
Filter criteria for retrieving device states from the device management system.
The unique key used to access the download share.
The callback URL to which the response will be sent.
Search query string used to filter role eligibility schedule instances.
The name of the producer to be overridden.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The name of the resource group where the application gateway is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property multivalueextendedproperties.
The maximum number of recommendations to retrieve from the cache.
filter parameter to specify criteria for selecting installed apps
The name of the group to be synchronized.
The unique identifier for the team template.
The unique identifier for the notebook containing the section groups.
The maximum number of job schedules to return in the response.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The type of DNS record to be updated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the employee.
Indicates whether to perform a dry run. If set to true, the request will be validated without actually creating the role.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB table to update.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The name of the resource type for which event types are being listed.
The API key used for the integration between the application and CRM system.
The location where the domain name availability check is performed.
The number of funding records to return per page.
Maximum number of countdown entries to return.
The ETag to match for the navigation property.
The navigation property format for the workbookchart entity in workbooks.
The API version identifier used to retrieve a specific resource by its ID.
The name of the integration account.
The port number for the new database instance.
The name of the storage account for which access keys are to be listed.
Specifies caching behavior for the response, controlling how and for how long the response can be cached by clients or intermediaries.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Specifies the storage quota location.
The version of the intent to be deleted.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the results by.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the notification.
The geographical location where the resource group is situated.
The package version to restore, specified by its namespace and version.
The navigation property columns in workbooks.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be driven.
Filter to specify the criteria for listing usage metrics aggregated by pool across individual time intervals for the specified account.
temporarily sets the state of an alarm for testing purposes. when the updated state differs from the previous value, the action configured for the appropriate state is invoked. for example, if your alarm is configured to send an amazon sns message when an alarm is triggered, temporarily changing the alarm state to alarm sends an sns message. metric alarms returns to their actual state quickly, often within seconds. because the metric alarm state change happens quickly, it is typically only visible in the alarm's history tab in the amazon cloudwatch console
The unique identifier for the user whose device is being retrieved.
The identifier for the access package resource scope.
The linked resources associated with the user's todo task list, identified by the provided ID.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter 'accept' is a string that specifies the media type requested in the response.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier of the directory object.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with a user, where the result is an array of notebook details.
The user-agent string that identifies the client making the request.
The language used for the tab result inquiry.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
modifies the settings for a cluster. you can also change node type and the number of nodes to scale up or down the cluster. when resizing a cluster, you must specify both the number of nodes and the node type even if one of the parameters does not change. you can add another security or parameter group, or change the admin user password. resetting a cluster password or modifying the security groups associated with a cluster don't need a reboot. however, modifying a parameter group
The name of the management group for which policy states are being queried.
The parameter 'accesspackageassignment - id' is a string that represents the reference ID of an access package assignment within the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
description for returns all snapshots to the user
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The version of the API being used.
Search query to find section groups within groups.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet to be cleared.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
API key for authentication, required to update tracks or clips from a BBC Music user favourites. Any HTML tags in metadata will be stripped.
The name of the packet capture session to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API version to be used for the deletion of the live event.
The unique identifier of the drive item representing the workbook.
The maximum number of results to return.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The session ticket used for authentication.
The name of the SSL predefined policy to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the application to be deployed.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the existing backup of an app.
The name of the hybrid connection.
A token used to continue a previous list request.
The location name for the long term retention backups.
The name of the resource group associated with the database account.
The maximum time to wait for the operation to complete, specified in seconds.
The profile ID used to retrieve the list of countries.
The language for the search suggestions.
The maximum number of folders to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the pool.
The unique identifier of the single-value legacy extended property to be deleted.
Number of pages to retrieve from the sites.
The region for the bunq account, specifying the geographical location.
The name of the resource group.
Returns the count of names found in the workbooks.
The unique identifier for the employee whose payroll information is being retrieved.
Specifies the field by which to sort the categories.
The name of the fabric associated with the replication protected item.
A field selector to filter the list of objects by specific fields.
Only allows viewing of own profile; others see all.
The name of the policy set definition to retrieve.
The name of the firewall policy to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
An array containing metadata about linear broadcast services, including branding information for television and radio channels.
The name of the topic type for which event subscriptions are being listed.
Retrieve the list of calendar permissions associated with the current user.
Specifies the condition for matching the task termination state.
The API version for the load balancer frontend IP configuration.
The unique identifier for the API application.
The date when the entry was created.
The navigation property accesspackageresourcescope associated with the identitygovernance resource.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the storage account.
The date when the voter record was last updated.
The unique identifier for the job.
The number of prepayments to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the Cloud Dataflow project.
The resource name of the parent dataset, in the format: projects/{project_id}/datasets/{dataset_id}
Specifies the page size for the response set in the query.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) for the onenotepage entity, which is used to specify the navigation property 'parentsection' to be deleted for users.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
updates an existing component's tags
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
A token used to continue retrieving datastores in case the result set is too large to return in a single response.
The unique identifier for the user whose instances are being retrieved.
The name of the receipt rule to reposition within the receipt rule set.
The user or entity responsible for the issue.
The name of the storage account for which private link resources need to be created.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime enterprise account.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The name of the resource group that contains the app service environment.
The name of the owner of the application.
Specifies the maximum number of theme versions to return.
The week for which the fantasy player ownership percentages are being reported.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Creates a new navigation property to sectionGroups for groups.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the contact list.
returns a list of fragment objects from the specified stream and timestamp range within the archived data. listing fragments is eventually consistent. this means that even if the producer receives an acknowledgment that a fragment is persisted, the result might not be returned immediately from a request to listfragments. however, results are typically available in less than one second. you must first call the getdataendpoint api to get an endpoint. then send the listfragments requests to this endpoint using the --endpoint-url parameter.
List of taxon identifiers associated with the variant.
Returns a specific guardian invitation. This method returns the following error codes: * `permission_denied` if the requesting user is not permitted to view guardian invitations for the student identified by the `student_id`, if guardians are not enabled for the domain in question, or for other access errors. * `invalid_argument` if a `student_id` is specified, but its format cannot be recognized (it is not an email address, nor a `student_id` from the API, nor the literal string).
The name of the authorization rule for the notification hub.
The date used for FAPI authentication, typically in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
token used for paging through the list of change logs
The name of the private endpoint connection.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The page number for pagination of the followers list.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
Array of media set details for on-demand availability of programmes and their versions.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the protection container.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property 'picture' associated with financials is being deleted, identified by the string ID.
Name of the JIT network access policy.
The security baseline state ID to retrieve the corresponding setting states.
Name of the cluster to be stopped.
The API version used for updating public IP address tags.
The name of the backup to be cloned.
The unique identifier of the access package to be updated.
Unique identifier for the client session, used to track requests within a specific session.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API used for authentication/authorization settings.
The name of the resource group that contains the API management service.
The color of the text on the quote image.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to use.
The name of the resource group.
Authorization token for accessing the leave information.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task.
Specifies the order in which results should be returned. Not supported for this API.
Filter to apply when retrieving entities from settings.
number of records to skip for the pagination
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A token used for pagination, indicating the starting point for the next set of results.
The name of the sync member.
The parameter description is: The name of the lease.
The name of the resource group.
name of the web app
The geographical region where the target pool is located.
Specifies the pagination token to retrieve the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier of the API for which the issue attachment details are being retrieved.
The name of the policy assignment to be deleted.
Retrieve an item from the financials data structure using the specified selector.
The unique identifier of the targeted managed app configuration to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the service instance.
Returns the count of submitted resources from the education system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID of the web property to be deleted.
Specifies the number of items to skip before starting to collect the result set.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
A unique identifier provided by the client to track the request.
The name of the relay to be created.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the redis cache resource.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property intunebrandingprofiles in the deviceManagement entity.
The name of the answer to be deleted.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
lists the reservations summaries for daily or monthly grain
The name of the resource group that contains the route table.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be updated.
URL for importing a project, specified by the user.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the repository.
The name of the attachment to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
The email address associated with the user's account on brainbi.net.
The unique identifier for the message to be copied.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of ticks since the start time, used to identify the audio stream's starting point.
The template deployment that is currently running cannot be deleted.
View all entities (management groups, subscriptions, etc.) for the authenticated user.
The API version for the request.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the service used in the API request.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property worksheet associated with workbooks.
The unique identifier for the user whose single value extended properties are being retrieved.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to ensure idempotency and track the request.
The name of the subnet to be deleted.
Specifies the job schedule to retrieve information about, using a match condition.
The authorization parameter specifies the rti transaction to be returned.
The workspace parameter specifies the repository level known host configuration.
The scope of the event subscription to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the collection to be deleted, which also removes all associated profiles and faces.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property authentication for users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property currency in financials.
The page number of the results to fetch.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The version of the API being used.
The mode of the PoE (Power over Ethernet) on the switch or gateway port.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in groups that is being updated.
A list of filters to apply to the subnet group descriptions. Each filter specifies a condition to narrow down the results, such as filtering by status or tag.
The parameter describes the API endpoint that returns all tags from the system, specifically related to enabling native integration between API2CRM.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the service to be created or updated.
The region where the interconnect attachment will be created.
The AWS data partition associated with the object.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Filter to apply when retrieving pages from groups.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with the specified entity.
The region associated with the x-bunq-region header.
The name of the lab to be used in the ARM template.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property taskdefinitions related to print.
Number of promotions to retrieve per page.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in sites that needs to be updated, identified by the sectiongroup ID.
The unique identifier for the project associated with the invoices.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for partial or expanded data retrieval.
Authentication token used to authorize the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'expand' is an array used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or metadata.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment policy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the group to which the navigation property is being created for tasks.
The name parameter represents the name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set instance.
The name of the organization.
The parent identifier for the cloud service whose SKUs are being listed.
The name of the resource group that contains the snapshot.
The date when the entry was last modified, represented as a string.
list repositories that the authenticated user has explicit permission (read, write, or admin) to access for an installation.
The unique identifier for the committee.
The unique identifier for the comment on the commit.
The API version to use for the request.
The region where the specified resource is located.
Name of the virtual machine to be patched.
A descriptive title for the deploy key.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Indicates whether to include full hierarchy in the search results.
A single key-value pair to retrieve.
The version of the API to use.
The parent parameter specifies the name of the parent entity for the replay.
A token used to continue a truncated list request.
text parameter is used to search for entries of type json file
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
unique lookup on the team requires either email address or phone number or last name
The unique identifier of the place to be deleted.
The API key to be removed.
The name of the resource group that contains the integration account.
The parent resource where this transition route group will be created. Format: `projects/<Project ID>/locations/<Location ID>/agents/<Agent ID>/flows/<Flow ID>`.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The unique identifier for the project to be viewed.
The parameter 'idlabel' is a string that uniquely identifies the label to be updated.
Search query to filter service principals by their owned objects.
unique identifier for the document being checked
The unique identifier of the list within the site.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most API resource types support a filter expression syntax with the following operators: =, !=, <, <=, >, >=, and *.
A callback function to be executed after the comment deletion.
Filters the multivalue extended properties of users based on specified criteria.
filter parameter to retrieve an aggregated list of node templates
The name of the resource being updated.
The unique identifier for the organization.
Checks if the specified job schedule exists.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the service unit.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The name parameter represents the resource group name associated with the iSCSI server.
Navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
Search query string for retrieving search results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The page number for pagination.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user whose employer details are to be retrieved.
The name of the API version for retrieving a packet capture session.
The region where the managed instance group is located.
The maximum time allowed for the job to run, in seconds. If not specified, the default value is used.
The name of the API service.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property font in workbooks
The version of the API being used for the data connection update.
Specifies the number of results per page (default: 30).
The tenant identifier used to scope the keyword suggestions.
The name of the rule to disable.
The end date of the date range for which attendees are to be retrieved.
Number of forks to return per page.
Updates the select fields of a `registration` resource, specifically the `labels`.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property insights are to be deleted.
Specifies the display format for the site login history.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of snapshots to return per page.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
An array of access package resource environments retrieved from the identity governance system.
used to manage text notes
The API version identifier used to retrieve the redirection URL with an authentication token for signing into the developer portal.
The name of the solution to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the migration job to resume.
The schedule_day parameter specifies the date for which broadcast schedules are requested, typically in YYYY-MM-DD format.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The unique identifier of the notebook to which the action will be copied.
Specifies the URL map resource to retrieve.
Indicates whether to include the count of resources in the response.
Specifies whether to include the count of impacting processes in the user experience analytics data.
Number of labels to return per page.
The country associated with the account verification attempts.
describes reserved instance offerings that are available for purchase. with reserved instances, you purchase the right to launch instances for a period of time. during that time period, you don't receive insufficient capacity errors, and you pay a lower usage rate than the rate charged for on - demand instances for the actual time used. if you have listed your own reserved instances for sale
season stats for projected fantasy defense, including bye week and average draft position
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified site identified by 'id1' will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the contact folder.
Indicates whether to validate the request and check permissions without actually disabling fast snapshot restores.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the workbook table from which to retrieve the line.
Maximum longitude value for the search query.
The display name of the user's profile.
A unique identifier for the vulnerability assessment database scan.
The unique identifier for the user whose multivalue extended properties are being retrieved.
The number of items to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
Search query to filter microsoftauthenticatormethods.
Specifies the year for the report in the message processing report query.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the API service.
The number of results to return per page.
The report must contain information about the source of the health report and the property on which it is reported.
The unique identifier for the group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
The name of the lab containing the virtual network to be deleted.
the search query to be used to find relevant images
The video codec used for the stream.
The remote parameter specifies the remote plugin privileges to be retrieved.
A comma-separated list of shipment IDs to exclude from the results.
The parent directory or folder to list files from.
An array of related resources to include in the response.
The project identifier for which permissions are being evaluated.
The version of the API used by the service instance.
updates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in the request. this operation is marked as done when the group is patched even if the instances in the group are still in the process of being patched. you must separately verify the status of the individual instances with the listmanagedinstances method. this method supports patch semantics and uses the json merge patch format and processing rules. if you update your group to specify a new template or instance configuration, it's possible that your intended specification for each vm in the group is different from
Retrieve a list of stages from the identity governance system.
The projection to apply to the bucket.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the application.
Number of exchange connectors to retrieve from device management.
The version of the API being used.
The account number used to filter transactions.
The version of the API being used.
number of taskfolders to retrieve
Specifies whether to include additional details in the response.
End date for searching gridded data file entries, specified as a string in a recognized date format.
The unique identifier of the site for which the parent notebook navigation property is to be deleted.
Specifies the token to start the next page of results from.
The country where the item is listed.
The unique identifier for the database.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task folder from which attachments are retrieved.
The slot name for the scaled-out instance of the web site.
The unique identifier for the credit note.
The minimum longitude value to filter site visit entries.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
Retrieve settings from the specified organization, returning an array of configuration values.
The unique identifier for the trending item to be approved.
The name of the public IP address to be deleted.
The name of the resource group associated with the server.
Number of days (up to 90) to look back for recently active cars in the market.
The name of the partition for which deployed replica details are being retrieved.
The name of the alert to be closed.
The unique identifier for the segment to be deleted from the communications navigation property.
A token that specifies the starting point for the next page of results in a paginated response.
Specifies the number of commits to return per page, with a maximum of 250.
The end date for filtering study entries.
The navigation property title in workbooks to be updated.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
Specifies the behavior when a Spot Instance is interrupted. Valid values are "terminate", "stop", or "hibernate".
The ID of the published resource.
The version of the Azure Resource Manager API to use for the request.
low bandwidth category search
Ordering criteria for the tags returned from compliance.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the version resource.
The identifier for the access package resource.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The unique identifier for the access review instance to be stopped.
The unique identifier for the tester to be edited.
retrieves a list of items that match the criteria specified in the query.
The name of the workspace associated with the job to be deleted.
The direction of the comments (e.g., ascending or descending order).
The unique identifier of the notebook to be set as the parent notebook for the current user.
The unique identifier for the employee whose custom fields are being retrieved.
Filter devices by status
API key for the x-api2crm application
The unique identifier for the workbook pivot table to be refreshed.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure firewall to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to extensions for users.
The name of the SSL predefined policy to retrieve.
Indicates whether to return short information about the child instances of the DICOM series.
Indicates whether the deployment is an upgrade.
The name of the resource group for which to retrieve analysis services servers.
The project ID for which the list of custom images is to be retrieved.
A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken from a previous response.
This endpoint serves multiple purposes, including retrieving a list of currently active cars from the market based on specified search criteria. It supports searching cars within a given geographic point and radius, as well as filtering by specific year, make, model, or any combination thereof. Results are paginated, with a maximum limit of 10,000 rows per request.
The unique identifier for the planner plan associated with the progress task board format.
The navigation property parentsectiongroup in groups that needs to be updated, identified by the notebook ID.
The unique identifier for the API specification.
Specifies the starting point for the list of webhooks, used for pagination.
Returns the count of transitivememberof references from devices.
Excludes certified cars from the search results.
The unique identifier for the API version set.
The version of the API being used.
Sorting criterion for listing abuses.
API key for user authentication in the x-api2crm service
Specifies the maximum number of healthcheck resources to return in the response.
Each report provides a summary of financial data from Form 3, Form 3X, and Form 3P, including key metrics such as cash on hand, outstanding debts, total receipts, and total disbursements, which help assess a committee's financial health. By default, the endpoint returns both amended and final versions of reports. Use `is_amended=false` to filter for only final versions.
The name of the resource to be updated.
Number of entries to skip for pagination purposes.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The user ID to retrieve the progress task board format for.
Filters the results based on the specified criteria.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The API version to use for the request.
list of domain profiles and domain contacts in the authenticated user's domain directory that match the search query
An array containing calendar permissions for users.
Gets information about applications in the Service Fabric cluster matching specified filters, including name, type, status, parameters, and other details. Supports pagination when results exceed a page.
Filters the access package resource scopes based on specified criteria.
The parameter specifies the agent number for the mimic snmptcp server, which determines the specific agent instance to be managed.
Specifies the action to be performed on the underlying resource of the machine learning compute.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of records to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the chat from which tabs are to be retrieved.
Authentication token used to authorize the request and identify the user.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The name of the instance for which metadata items are to be added or updated.
The unique identifier for the device management entity.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The calendar ID used to retrieve multivalue extended properties from users.
The external identifier used to retrieve a specific participation.
The unique identifier used to authenticate and authorize access to the location-based services REST APIs. Only one key is required at a time, with two provided to enable seamless key regeneration.
The name of the application for which crash groups are being retrieved.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The maximum time allowed for the operation to complete, in seconds.
prefix of the CNAME to check for availability
The name of the resource group containing the SAP HANA instances.
The version of the API being created or replaced.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested objects.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier of the user.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
The parameter describes the user agent associated with the customer for international scheduled payments.
Field to filter the gift wrapping data objects in the search criteria.
queries policy events for the resource
The ID of the list from which recipients are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal to update.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier of the bill run to be deleted. Must correspond to a bill run with a status of 'canceled'.
The name of the policy set to create or replace.
The API version for the request.
The version of the API being accessed.
The unique identifier of the parent section group.
The page number for the list of organization members.
The unique identifier for the service principal.
filter parameter to specify criteria for retrieving detected apps from device management
The unique identifier for the event associated with the attachments navigation property in users.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The format of the output, specifying the structure for distance and time data.
The unique identifier for the version of the application containing the list entity and its sublists.
The name of the resource being referenced.
The resource group to be deleted.
The version of the API being used for the delete budget operation.
Description of the search query for entries related to Colorado water rights.
The API key used for authentication to access the specific rateplan details in the hotel.
The version of the API being used.
update a single network, category, artist, playlist, network, genre or service entity in a user's follows; any HTML tags submitted in metadata will be removed
The Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) role to be disassociated from the Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
Indicates whether the runner should be untagged.
The API version to be used for scheduling the new run.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The unique identifier for the imported Windows AutoPilot device identity.
Search parameter for retrieving manufacturer regression data from the device management system.
The parameter 'outlooktaskfolder-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for an Outlook task folder. This ID is used to retrieve multivalue extended properties associated with the specified task folder.
A unique identifier provided by the client to track the request.
Creates a new navigation property reference to managed app registrations for the specified user.
The ETag value to match. If the ETag provided does not match the current state of the resource, the request will be rejected.
A string query used to perform a geometry search, typically involving spatial or geographic data.
The ID of the workbook named item.
The starting point or timestamp from which to query policy events for the subscription-level policy assignment.
The API version to use for the request.
A string parameter that specifies the callback function to be invoked with the search results.
The minimum longitude value for the search query.
The data available for each interval is examined to identify and return significant values. Each interval may yield up to five unique values: the first value, the last value, the highest value, the lowest value, and at most one exceptional point (such as a bad status or digital state). If a time series value in the response includes an 'errors' property, it indicates that PI Web API encountered a handled error during the response transfer.
gets the comments on a set of answers. if you know that you have an answer id and need the comments, use this method. if you know you have a question id, use /questions/{id}/comments. if you are unsure, use /posts/{id}/comments. {ids} can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for answer_id on answer objects. the sorts accepted by this method
The name of the case to retrieve.
The ID of the notification message template to update the navigation property localizedNotificationMessages in deviceManagement.
The starting timestamp for the site login history list.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The user ID used to retrieve the associated drive.
The name of the virtual network to be modified.
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
Creates a new navigation property linking groups to sections, identified by a unique string ID.
The name of the workspace where the saved search will be deleted.
Authentication token used to identify and authenticate the client application with bunq's API.
Number of sectiongroups to skip for pagination
search query for entities within governance subjects
The name of the resource group.
The name of the node to be disabled.
The name of the resource to be used for the storage classification mapping.
Creates a new navigation property to pages for users with the specified onenotesection ID.
The navigation property activities associated with the user identified by the specified ID will be deleted.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment to be updated.
Indicates whether the entire order, including all its order lines, has been acknowledged. Required to be set within four hours of receiving the order, except in extenuating circumstances as per Walmart business rules.
Specifies the ETag value to use for conditional deletion of navigation property sections for sites.
The unique identifier of the occurrence to be deleted.
The number of events to return.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Indicates whether the participant is muted.
The condition to match for deleting the navigation property device.
The project associated with the response policy.
The name of the resource group.
The label to be applied to the event subscriptions.
The version of the API being used.
name of the master ip rotation
The unique identifier for the report plan to be updated, specified as a string.
Retrieve the list of columns from the sites data source.
The unique identifier for the process to be dumped.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
offset parameter specifies the number of items to skip before starting to collect the result set.
The project ID for which the target HTTPS proxy is being created.
search parameter to retrieve metric values from devicemanagement
The name of the occurrence to be updated.
The name of the virtual WAN for which p2svpnserverconfigurations are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the network interface.
The name of the hostname binding to retrieve.
Filter to specify a location for the snapshots.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Ordering criteria for the messages retrieved from teams.
The page number of the results to fetch.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the backup policy for which details are being retrieved.
The geographical region where the target pool is located.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the device compliance scheduled action configuration.
The date and time after which the events were last modified.
Indicates whether to include phenotypes associated with the disease in the response.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property to events is being created.
Specifies the maximum number of pools to return in the response.
creates a placement group in which to launch instances. the strategy of the placement group determines how the instances are organized within the group. a cluster placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single availability zone that benefit from low network latency, high network throughput. a spread placement group places instances on distinct hardware. a partition placement group places groups of instances
The end date for the historical observations query, formatted as YYYY-MM-DD.
Selects applications associated with an iOS MA policy.
Search query for retrieving group assignments from device management.
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
UTC (Unix Time Coordinated) is an integer representing the time in seconds since the Unix epoch (January 1, 1970, 00:00:00 UTC), used to timestamp radiation exposure data.
The parameter describes the policy states for resources within a specified resource group, where the value is a string indicating the application context or identifier.
The number of records to skip before returning results.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Filter the list of domains by a specified criterion.
The name of the Cassandra table within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The project identifier for the interconnect attachment.
Deletes a single node from a specified node pool in a Kubernetes cluster. The `skip_drain=1` parameter prevents the node from being drained before deletion, which can be useful for bypassing normal eviction processes.
The number of results to return per page.
token for pagination
Number of products to skip before starting to return results
The duration of the time period over which metrics are collected.
Search query for retrieving calendar view from the user's calendar.
The unique identifier of the comment.
Number of environments to return per page
An array of candidate names to filter the results.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual network gateway.
The name of the file to be downloaded.
The name of the resource group containing the network watcher.
Deletes all tasks associated with the job and removes job statistics. Overrides the retention period for task data by deleting task working directories and their contents on compute nodes, even if they were scheduled to be retained. The job is transitioned to the 'deleting' state upon request.
The identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The API version used to retrieve all routes in a route table.
useful for testing failover; when targeting a stateless service partition, restartpartitionmode must be set to allreplicasorinstances
The unique identifier for the employer.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites that needs to be updated, identified by the onenotesection ID.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve section groups.
The parameter describes the backend service resource that needs to be updated, specifying its name as a string.
The parameter 'driveitem-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item.
The last name of the contact to be fetched.
The number of items to return in the response.
Indicates whether to retrieve only payments in the report.
The API version to regenerate the primary key for.
The unique identifier for the country in the Dart system.
The identifier for the onenotesection to be deleted.
The API version to be used for the request.
The unique identifier for the event.
The API version string used for the request.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the document.
Ordering parameter for sorting the results by a specified field.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The API version for the operation to delete a database replication link, which cannot be performed during failover.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the shared insight entity, used to delete the reference of the navigation property 'lastsharedmethod' associated with it.
The API version to be used for the query.
name: The name of the virtual network tap to be updated.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The name of the service to create or update the user for.
Specifies the number of sales credit memos to retrieve.
starts asynchronous cancellation on a long-running operation. the server makes a best effort to cancel the operation, but success is not guaranteed. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `google.rpc.Code.UNIMPLEMENTED`. clients can use operations.get_operation or other methods to check whether the cancellation succeeded or whether the operation completed despite cancellation. on successful cancellation, the operation is not deleted; instead, it becomes an operation with an operation.error value with a `google.rpc.Status` indicating the cancellation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the virtual machine.
The unique identifier of the Google Analytics account.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the entities by.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Unique identifier for the request.
The name of the CDN endpoint to be updated.
The client secret used to authenticate the request and retrieve the payment intent details. When provided, it allows client-side retrieval using a publishable key, but only a subset of properties will be returned.
The date associated with the OCP job.
The name of the route rule to be updated.
The unique identifier for the creative field.
The name of the database to connect to.
The type of permission to check for.
The unique identifier for the department.
The unique identifier for the unified role eligibility request.
Specifies whether to copy the object only if its generation matches the specified source generation.
The unique identifier for the privileged approval entity.
The unique identifier of the pattern to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the project milestone.
The version of the API being used for renewing the connection certificate.
Filters the usage detail records based on specified criteria for the management group scope and billing period.
The parameter $search is a string used to filter or search for allowed groups in the print API.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the section group to update.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription from which metadata information on an assessment type will be deleted.
The parameter describes the registration's DNS settings that are to be updated.
The unique identifier of the group whose navigation property sections is to be updated.
The format of the competition (league).
The device configuration ID to update the navigation property assignments for.
The name of the peering to delete.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the site.
Specifies whether the container registry is enabled for the project.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the privileged signup status entity.
The unique identifier of the runner group.
The unique identifier for the entity within a specific version of the application.
Retrieve a list of categories related to education.
Creates a new navigation property to multivalue extended properties for the specified event ID.
The version of the API being used.
A string that specifies the starting point for the next set of results in a paginated response.
A string representing the accuracy level or precision of the photo matching criteria.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property parentsectiongroup for users.
Specifies the field by which to order the results.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
The unique identifier for the outlook task group.
Search query to retrieve attachments from users
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The environment to be expanded.
The user associated with the passed access token.
API key for authenticating the request to transcribe a receipt from an uploaded image file.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The unique identifier of the label to be deleted.
The reference to the access package resource environment within the identity governance context.
API key for authenticating requests to the domains search service.
The number of items to return.
updates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in the request. this operation is marked as done when the group is updated even if the instances in the group have not yet been updated. you must separately verify the status of the individual instances with the listmanagedinstances method
The version of the API to use for this request.
Adds an object to a bucket. You must have write permissions on the bucket to perform this operation. Amazon S3 ensures that objects are stored completely—either the entire object is written or no part of it is. In a distributed environment, if multiple write requests for the same object occur simultaneously, only the last request will be preserved.
The make of the dealers' active inventory.
Indicates whether the certificate has been verified.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the app configuration.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Search for bookings that match all specified criteria simultaneously, such as customer name and channel code. The search includes guest or contact names (first or last) and the booking channel. Note that a booking may include multiple reservations; thus, searching for a specific reservation within a multi-room booking will return the entire booking.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the integration account.
The region associated with the bunq service.
The name of the package to search for among the systems.
The unique identifier for the settings state device summary.
The city to search for within the school district database.
The name of the schedule to retrieve.
The identifier of the diagnostic to retrieve.
The name of the resource for which application insights features are being retrieved.
The parent parameter specifies the project and location where the new instance will be created.
Search query to filter resource operations from device management.
The unique identifier for the tribe associated with the facilities or clusters being searched.
The name of the resource group.
The start time for the spot instance request, specified in ISO 8601 format. The format is YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.
The identifier for the onenotesection resource.
returns questions the site considers to be unanswered. note that just because a question has an answer, that does not mean it is considered answered. while the rules are subject to change, at this time a question must have at least one upvoted answer to be considered answered. to constrain questions returned to those
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the group to delete navigation property extensions.
Number of members from education.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in the response.
get presence information from the list of users
The timeout value in seconds for the task execution.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Ordering criteria for the results, specifying the property to sort by.
The default patching schedule for a Redis cache, which is applicable only for premium SKU instances.
Number of tournaments to return per page
Specifies the order in which the access package resource roles are returned.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The title of the merge request.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
Enable status for the API2CRM data integration.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The region for which the list of autoscalers is retrieved.
The name of the workflow to list run request history for.
The name of the resource to retrieve details for.
The region associated with the bunq service.
Sets the status of a certificate back to active if it was previously marked as deletefailed.
The unique identifier for the training session that the registrant is registered in.
The page number of the results to return.
The unique identifier for the source account.
The unique identifier of the user whose single-value extended properties are to be updated.
The name of the gateway to be updated.
The unique identifier for the purchase invoice line navigation property item to be deleted in the financials context.
Number of terms to skip in the result set
The project identifier to be deleted.
Order by clause for sorting the managed app registrations.
The version of the API to be used for retrieving all extensions of a virtual machine.
The number of trees planted by the user.
Deletes a vault only if there are no archives in the vault as of the last inventory and there have been no writes to the vault since the last inventory.
The name of the resource group where the digital twins instance is located.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Specifies the language for the response, used when retrieving quotes from Transferwise.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
Specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or properties.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The $expand query parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the lab account.
The maximum number of replicas that the horizontal pod autoscaler can scale to.
The version number of the configuration to be deleted from the appconfig configuration store.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Retrieve a list of app consent requests from the identity governance system.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property multivalue extended properties.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
Search query string to filter access package assignment resource roles.
The unique identifier for the service associated with the partition.
The geolocation information associated with the bunq user, used for updating a draft share invite.
The maximum number of participants to retrieve.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property picture associated with financials.
The unique identifier for the profile.
The ID of the person to be updated in the users' navigation property.
The ID of the section group to copy to.
The unique identifier for the managed app registration.
The name of the location for which performance tiers are being listed.
The parameter describes the lifetime of the API2CRM integration, specifying how long the note or data remains active or valid within the system.
The unique identifier of the compliance record to be updated.
The version of the API used for deleting a redis cache.
The name of the resource group where the CDN profile will be created.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The number of tickets to retrieve per page.
filter for event types in the response list
Enables the API2CRM data integration feature.
Specifies the number of records to skip before starting to return results.
The name parameter specifies the name of the entry to search for within the esri feature server.
The unique identifier for the replica whose health status is being sent.
The period for which the Skype for Business device usage distribution user counts are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
List of floodlight configuration IDs to filter the advertisers.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
An array of tag keys to be deleted from the specified resources.
The name of the schema to retrieve the procedure from.
This parameter specifies the system key used to identify the non-unique index to be deleted from a column.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
A list of project statuses.
The navigation property accesspackageresource in identitygovernance that is being updated, identified by the resource role ID.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The identifier of the group to delete the navigation property parentnotebook for.
The unique identifier for the comment.
searches for issues using jql. sorting the jql parameter is a full jql expression, and includes an order by clause. the fields param ( which can be specified multiple times ) gives a comma - separated list of fields to include in the response. this can be used to retrieve a subset of fields. a particular field can be excluded by prefixing it with a minus. by default, only navigable ( * navigable ) fields are returned in this search resource. note : the default is different in the get - issue
The name of the Network Watcher resource.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network is located.
name: The name of the mesh to which the virtual node belongs.
A token used to retrieve the next set of results when listing agents for assessment runs.
The model of the car identified by the valid VIN.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property 'childfolders' for users.
This operation is only available if you have Invoice Settlement enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021) and includes unapplied payments, credit and debit memos.
The unique identifier of the account that owns the container.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The name of the load balancer to retrieve.
The parent resource where the workflow will be created. It should be in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}.
The domain name of the subsite to be deleted.
The name of the network watcher.
The security policy to which rules will be copied.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the device to be deleted.
The location response header contains the URI used to obtain the status of the deletion process.
Maximum width for the studio image
The installation's account type (target_type) will be either an organization or a user account, depending on which account the repository belongs to.
Name of the aggregated alert in the security analytics.
The name of the virtual WAN VPN gateway to create or update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of data sources to return per page.
The unique identifier for the article or podcast episode.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The secret key used for accessing the sparkle feed of releases distributed to all public distribution groups.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the user.
A string representing the authentication token used to identify the user.
The identifier for the drive item (workbook) from which the navigation property font will be deleted.
This method is used to initiate a payment at the ASPSP. The payment initiation request can be sent with either a JSON body or a pain.001 body, depending on the payment product specified in the path. Supported payment products include those with payment information in JSON format such as domestic credit transfers, Swiss credit transfers, and ISR (International Securities Registry) payments.
number of projects to return per page
The name of the node pool to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet to be deleted.
The financial status of the store's orders.
The response fields parameter specifies the fields to be included in the API response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The category of podcasts to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the drive item representing the workbook.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The unique identifier for the application, used to track and manage product data and commission structures.
The date when the entry was last modified.
When a task is deleted, all files in its directory on the compute node where it ran are also deleted, regardless of retention time. For multi-instance tasks, the delete operation applies synchronously to the primary task; subtasks and their files are then deleted asynchronously.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the event subscription to be deleted.
The account name for which metrics are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the device management script user state to be deleted.
Number of sectiongroups to skip
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified onenotepage with id.
The parameter describes the authorization tag used to retrieve a specific CIS instruction.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve the title from the workbooks, where the result is an array of expanded titles.
A unique identifier for the request, used to ensure idempotency and track the operation.
The number of approleassignments to retrieve.
Specifies the tag to be assigned to the product when the condition matches.
search query to retrieve sections from the user
The type parameter specifies the string value that filters the issuing transaction objects by their type.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
A string representing the PSU IP port.
The step parameter specifies the current step in a multi-step process, typically used for pagination or tracking progress through a sequence of operations.
The version of the API being used.
An array of agent groups retrieved from on-premises publishing profiles.
The name of the service fabric node where the application is deployed.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single response.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
updates the password policy settings for the account. this operation does not support partial updates. no parameters are required, but if you don't specify a parameter, that parameter's value reverts to its default value. see the request parameters section for each parameter's default value. also note that some parameters don't allow the default parameter to be explicitly set. instead
Limits the number of results returned to reduce bandwidth usage.
The name of the migrate project to create a solution for.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
Number of timecards to retrieve
The name of the network mapping to be updated.
A string to search for in identifiers of xrefs for a given organism.
The name of the resource group that contains the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the application gateway is located.
The timestamp indicating the starting point for retrieving historical connectivity data.
The unique identifier for the user whose managed apps will be wiped and blocked.
The unique identifier of the Azure subscription for which you want to retrieve available regions and SKUs for Reserved Instances (RI) purchase.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'group' is a string that specifies the group within the HDF5 file to search for entries.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the project card to be updated.
the sort order for the repositories (e.g., "created", "updated")
The unique identifier for the invoice or purchase bill to which the attachment will be linked.
The unique identifier for the live stream to be deleted.
The name of the service fabric node where the container is deployed.
The parent resource name of the app profile.
The project name to which the maintenance event is being simulated.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the load balancer associated with the network interfaces.
The unique identifier for the repository.
The navigation property to section groups for users.
The navigation property to rolesettings for privilegedaccess.
The language parameter specifies the preferred language for the route instructions and labels.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the privileged access role assignment request to be deleted.
A client-generated identifier to track the request.
The unique identifier of the team for which the navigation property to scheduling groups is being created.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the advertiser group profile.
The name of the Android MAM policy for which groups are being retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
Number of mailfolders to skip.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the job task.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the group.
The owner of the repository.
The name of the alert to be updated.
The username used for authentication with the Neto API.
The name of the resource group containing the application gateway.
The name of the application.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the deletion of a task within a specified job.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
The name of the artist for which the image is to be retrieved.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage note operations for a specific user.
creates a vpc endpoint for a specified service. an endpoint enables you to create a private connection between your vpc and the service. the service may be provided by aws, an aws marketplace partner, or another aws account. for more information, see vpc endpoints in the amazon virtual private cloud user guide. a gateway endpoint
unique identifier for the browser
The ID of the driveItem representing the workbook.
The name parameter is a string that represents the name of the dicom test file entry to search for.
The 'since' parameter specifies the timestamp from which to retrieve board actions, allowing users to fetch only those actions that occurred after this point in time.
search query for filtering app consent requests for approval
Specifies whether to delete the dependent resources when the pod security policy is removed.
Retrieve a list of events associated with groups.
A unique identifier used to track the interaction between the client and the server during the deletion of funds confirmation consent process.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The health information of the specified partition.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Cosmos DB table will be created or updated.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The name of the authorization rule to create or update.
returns the specified region resource. gets a list of available regions by making a list() request. to decrease latency for this method, you can optionally omit any unneeded information from the response by using a field mask. this practice is especially recommended for unused quota information (the `quotas` field). to exclude one or more fields, set your request's `fields` query parameter to only include the fields you need. for example, to only include the `id` and `selflink` fields, add the query parameter `fields=id,selflink`.
The storeid parameter represents the unique identifier for a store.
The target pool to remove the health check URL from.
cycle: The two-year period named after the even-numbered year, which includes the preceding odd-numbered year (e.g., 2014 cycle includes 2013 and 2014).
Specifies the subresources to include in the response, such as affinity ID, execution information, and node information, which are associated with the primary task for multi-instance tasks. Use the list subtasks API to retrieve detailed information about individual subtasks.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
Specifies the category of the quote to be used in the image.
Creates new products in the marketplace using `skusellerid` as a primary key. Expects a JSON document containing an array of products. Each product is loaded as an individual item identifiable by its `skusellerid`. Requests are idempotent with respect to `skusellerid`, meaning a `skusellerid` can only be created once and cannot be reused.
Indicates whether to force the update of the specified CSI driver, potentially overriding existing configurations or states.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The number of policies to return per page.
The unique identifier for the series.
returns a record of merges that have occurred involving a user identified by an access token
The unique identifier for the rule associated with the repricing product.
The name of the indexer to retrieve.
The name of the storage account credential to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
provisions an entity
The unique identifier for the billing account associated with the showback rules.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the lab account.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the built-in policy set definition to retrieve.
The API version for deleting a domain ownership identifier for a web app.
contextual algorithm that uses machine learning and statistical machine translation to improve spell and grammar checking dynamically.
The name of the gallery image.
The unique identifier for the timecard navigation property in teams.
API version identifier for running commands on the virtual machine.
The unique identifier for the hook.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in the response.
The name of the resource group associated with the policy to be deleted.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The unique identifier for the group.
The name of the authorization rule for which the primary and secondary keys will be regenerated.
Specifies the maximum number of evaluation results returned on each page. If you have a nextToken, the results are displayed on the next page.
The name of the workspace for which private link resources need to be created.
The maximum number of direct reports to return.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name parameter specifies the server name.
The unique identifier for tracking the status of an asynchronous request.
The unique identifier for the release to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user associated with the exception occurrence.
Number of items to retrieve from shares
A unique identifier generated by the client for tracking the request.
A token that specifies the page of results to return.
Maximum latitude for the search area.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property datalabels associated with workbooks.
The ref of the navigation property activatedUsing in roleManagement.
The parent environment name to which the new environment will be associated.
Specifies the cache to be deleted based on a matching condition.
Creates a new navigation property linking to sections, identified by the section group ID.
The zone to which the diagnostic interrupt is sent.
The name of the parent commitment plan for which all associated commitments are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the organization from which the entity is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The date to retrieve click counts for, specified as a string.
The navigation property 'minorgridlines' in workbooks is updated. The 'driveitem-id' refers to the unique identifier of the drive item. The type of this parameter is string.
The API version to use for the request.
The number of items in the specified folder from the cloud storage provider.
The name of the Azure resource group that contains the Cosmos DB account.
Filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving board lists by board ID.
The name of the integration runtime.
The filter criteria to apply when retrieving applications, allowing for selective retrieval based on specific attributes such as application name, type, or status.
The unique identifier for the inventory source group to which inventory sources will be assigned or unassigned.
The email address of the user to whom the badge will be awarded.
The namespace of the resource provider from which the subscription is being unregistered.
number of instances to retrieve
The navigation property 'line' in workbooks that corresponds to the specified workbook chart series ID.
The name of the resource group where the event hubs cluster is located.
The number of objects that have external database IDs differing between the system and the external database, grouped by database ID, for a specific species, object type, and date range.
The date when the survey location entry was last changed.
The number of records to return per page.
The value to compare against for the if-match header.
The name of the gateway resource to be deleted.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of campaigns.
The username used to retrieve the corresponding dashboard.
A partial update to an existing managed zone.
The key used to confirm the transaction.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to use for the request.
The type of the canonical support plan to check for enablement.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
The API version for the operation.
A string representing a compact form of all subgoals associated with a specific goal, identified by its unique identifier (gid).
The generation of the object to which the request refers.
maximum number of location entries to return
auto-complete the inputs of your end users
Retrieve a single value extended property from users, specified by the provided selector.
The name of the app service environment.
returns plots to a web browser of requested data using plotly
The name of the service for which alerts are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A string representing a digest value used to identify or verify the integrity of authorization sub-resources.
The `repository_id` parameter specifies the unique identifier of the repository to which the organization secret will be added. This is required when the `visibility` of the secret is set to `selected`, indicating that only specific repositories have access to the secret.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter description is: The API version string that specifies the version of the API being used.
Indicates whether to include previews when downloading the file.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the sync group to restore heartbeat for.
The name of the appliance definition to be deleted.
The parent resource where this transition route group will be created. Format: `projects/<Project ID>/locations/<Location ID>/agents/<Agent ID>/flows/<Flow ID>`.
Deletes a rule from the firewall policy based on the specified priority.
The propagation policy for the deletion of the statefulset.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the application version.
The unique identifier of the findings filter to be deleted.
The ETag used to determine if the resource has been modified since the last request.
An array of unique identifiers used to filter and retrieve specific success records.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies whether to include the count of tables in the response.
Creates a new navigation property linking users to their contact information via an ID.
The duration in seconds to wait for the lease to be acquired.
Create a comment on a specific commit using its SHA. This action triggers notifications. Rapid creation of content via this endpoint may lead to abuse rate limiting. Refer to the documentation for details on abuse rate limits.
generalized state of the virtual machine
Specifies the field(s) to sort the resources by.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the drive item representing the workbook.
The maximum number of approleassignments to return.
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the filter criteria to determine which metrics are retrieved for the given account and target region.
The name of the core device thing associated with the client devices.
The name of the storage account.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier for the department.
This API returns a list of currently active auction cars based on specified search criteria, supporting pagination up to 5000 results. It enables searches by geographic location within a radius, specific vehicle year/make/model, or multiple combinations of these attributes.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier of the event in the calendar view.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
API version for importing data into Redis cache
The name of the resource group to be deleted.
Specifies the order in which the dataset should be sorted when exported in GeoJSON format.
The name of the Azure resource group that contains the backup.
The assigned task board format in the planner, identified by the provided task ID.
The parameter describes the target HTTP proxy resource to be deleted, specified as a string.
The version of the API to be used for retrieving all extensions of a virtual machine.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The unique identifier of the employment fund to be deleted.
Description of the search query for entries related to NOAA flask event measurements.
The width of the item's image.
The name of the resource group.
Minimum speechiness threshold for tracks in the recommendation results.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the token lifetime policy.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the playback session used to retrieve the video stream.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The number of role assignments to skip.
The unique identifier for the device enrollment configuration.
The version of the API being used.
The page number for pagination.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the onenotesection entity for which the navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' is to be deleted.
The requested logical subnet.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be retired.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return. If not specified, the default is 100.
The unique identifier for the message from which to retrieve extensions.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property events are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the 'allowedusers' entity for the specified printer share identified by the given ID.
name of the experiment to be started
The maximum time (in seconds) that the batch service will wait for a job or task to complete before timing out.
Used to confirm availability of funds on an account.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group from which the photo is to be retrieved.
The number of extensions to retrieve.
The project ID for the managed instance group.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the hybrid connection.
itemized disbursements made by committees and other filers, reported on forms F3, F3X, and F3P, detailing how campaign funds are spent.
The unique identifier of the drive item representing the worksheet to be updated.
The session key used to identify a specific past webinar session.
Number of pages to retrieve from users
Ordering criteria for the hosted contents retrieved from chats.
The maximum number of results to return in a single response.
The name of the virtual hub resource to create or update.
Specifies the expand query parameter to include related resources in the response.
The hostname to retrieve the binding for.
The unique identifier of the group.
The unique identifier for the consent artefact.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The datatype parameter specifies the type of data to filter the results, such as gene expression, mutation, or protein interaction data.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving pictures from financial data
A list of up to 20 access tokens obtained through OAuth 2.0 authentication.
The unique identifier for the operating system version.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The team ID to retrieve time off requests for.
Specifies whether to include part of speech information in the search results.
Specifies the token for the next page of results.
Indicates whether the search result is related to news.
The locale parameter specifies the language and region for the report, determining the format and localization of the data.
The name of the resource group.
A string representing the public water system identifier used to filter search results.
The name of the resource for which the quota is being created or updated.
The integer parameter represents the type of item to retrieve, specifically articles from the user's own institution.
The number of methods to retrieve from the users.
The unique identifier for the site being validated, used to retrieve or reference the new logs generated during validation.
An array of unique identifiers for the audio renders whose status you want to check.
The unique identifier for the merchant center account.
The name of the domain to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource to retrieve details for.
The unique identifier for the organization.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes the content type ID used to update the reference of a navigation property in drives.
The name of the resource group where the network security group is located.
The unique identifier for the comment on the commit.
get_qid: query id corresponding to a previously run get_facilities query
Indicates whether to include child tags of the artists in the search results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the legal agreement.
Indicates whether a trailer has been displayed.
The number of results to return per page.
The version of the API to be used for the request.
Filter to apply for retrieving pictures from financials data.
Optional parameter to specify which visual features to return.
Specifies the maximum number of records to return in the response.
Specifies the sorting order for the event tags list.
The maximum number of results to return.
The page number of the results to return.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The name of the airport image entry to search for.
The maximum number of settings to retrieve from device management.
The authentication token used for client authentication with bunq.
Specifies whether watch bookmarks are allowed for PodDisruptionBudget objects.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the notebook will be copied.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The employer ID used to retrieve the associated pay schedule tags.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the absence record to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the notification hub is located.
Number of events to retrieve from users
The name of the filter for which details are to be retrieved.
A list of books uploaded by the current user, filtered by their processing state.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
represents the turn-by-turn directions, geometry, distance, and time of the shortest path or fastest path between a start point and one or more end points which are reordered to minimize distance or time
The version of the API being used.
The 'if-match' parameter is used to ensure that the operation is performed only if the current ETag of the resource matches the provided value, preventing conflicts during concurrent updates.
name: resourcegroupname type: string
The API version used for the request.
Number of entries to skip for pagination purposes.
maximum latitude for the search boundary
Authentication token for the bunq client, required to authorize access to the user's monetary account data.
Search query to retrieve attachments from users
The user-agent string used to identify the client making the request for the payment statement export.
The version of the policy that is requested.
Name of the web job.
The starting month for the summary retrieval.
count all tickets from the system
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the specified section group ID.
The unique identifier for the preprint.
Optional parameter to specify which visual features to return.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Number of rows returned, representing the pathways associated with the gene.
Number of top products to retrieve.
maximum number of results to return in a single page
Unique identifier for the player.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for a specific version of a segment within an application.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name parameter is used to filter the results by the name field.
The name of the profile to retrieve.
Number of sessions to retrieve from communications.
The project ID for the specified public advertised prefix resource.
The unique identifier of the section group's parent.
The parameter '$top' specifies the maximum number of transitivemembers to retrieve from the groups.
The name of the manager responsible for handling the volume container.
Ordering field for the extensions.
Indicates whether the request is accepted or not.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property parentsectiongroup for groups.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the operation to complete.
The name of the fabric associated with the replication protected item.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with a user, where the result is returned as an array.
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, enabling custom patterns like `users/*/operations`. This is achieved by specifying a custom binding in the service configuration, such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations`. For backward compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, but overriding this behavior allows more flexible and context-specific naming.
The Azure region for which virtual machine sizes are being listed.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the event being forwarded.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the container to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the message to which the navigation property is being created.
The name of the resource group.
The navigation property 'sectiongroups' in users, which is of type 'string', refers to the unique identifier for a section group within a user's OneNote notebook. This property allows access to the section groups associated with a specific user.
The name of the factory.
The unique identifier for the relation between the navigation property and the term in the term store.
A token to request the next page of results.
Indicates whether the attribute can be configured.
The name of the lock to be applied.
Indicates whether the request is accepted or not.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the on-premises publishing profile.
The name of the node to restart within the service fabric cluster.
The number of tasks to retrieve from users.
Specifies the maximum number of returns to return.
Select resources from groups
The ID of the user profile.
The parent scan run ID for which finding type statistics are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the self-hosted runner.
The parameter describes the priority level at which a security rule is defined within a security policy.
The name of the app (or deployment slot, if specified).
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the Windows quality update profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The season for which the third down stats are recorded.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the load balancer.
The direction of the sort, either ascending (asc) or descending (desc).
A substring to match against entity names or other relevant fields.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
The parameter 'workbooktable-id1' is a string that represents the identifier for a specific workbook table, used to target the table during the conversion process to a range.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve a list of assignments from the device management system.
The name of the resource group containing the private link service.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket group.
The workspace to retrieve the environment for.
The maximum number of features to return in the response.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a drive item, used to specify which item to perform the geomean action on.
The unique identifier for the gist to be updated or deleted.
the envelope ID for which the default electronic record and signature disclosure (ERSD) is to be retrieved
Unique identifier for the client request, used to manage attachment notes.
The name of the express route gateway.
The geographical region associated with the urlmap resource.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the solution for which the configuration is being retrieved in the migrate project.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with a specific organization.
The unique identifier for the message to be updated.
The unique identifier of the access package resource role to be deleted.
Filter to retrieve specific webaccounts based on user criteria.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the product to be deleted.
The name of the deployment to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the email address owned by the currently authenticated user.
Specifies the pathway to filter or query associations by.
The unique identifier of the virtual machine instance within the scale set.
The namespace used to identify the credit card.
The attribute to be reset, specifying the permission setting for the snapshot.
page number for pagination
The name of the resource group where the pipeline run is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the database migration operation.
The API version for the request.
The name of the application type for which the service type information is being retrieved.
The propagation policy for the deletion of the persistent volume claim.
The parameter specifies whether to expand the major gridlines in the workbook.
The unique identifier for the on-premises agent group.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a section group.
name of the job to be provisioned or updated
The parameter 'expand' is an array used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or nested resources.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The unique identifier for the subaccount profile.
The category of player stats, broken down by game.
Excludes specific IDs from the search results, allowing for a filtered list of listings.
The unique identifier for the profile.
The name of the resource group containing the frontend endpoint.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter describes the lifetime of the API2CRM description, specifying how long the attachment remains active or valid within the system.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the integration account.
Specifies the page of data lake store accounts to retrieve, with a default value of the first page.
Extended postal codes for geometry search.
The multivalue legacy extended property identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the event in the calendar view.
The number of results to return per page (max 100).
The unique identifier for the request.
Specifies the token for the next page of results.
The date when the entry was created, represented as a string.
Filter groups by organization name.
The number of pending participants to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the optimization criterion for route calculation, such as shortest distance or fastest time.
The 'shareddriveitem - id' parameter refers to the unique identifier of a shared drive item, which is used to retrieve specific metadata or content associated with that item.
The unique identifier of the team.
The unique identifier for the consumer in the Apideck system.
The name of the resource group.
The short name of the company.
Specifies whether to calculate points; when set to true, the system will compute and return the points based on the provided data.
The date of the compute node in OCP (OpenShift Container Platform) context.
Specifies the details to include in the response, such as additional data or nested objects related to the sites' analytics.
The unique identifier for the sectiongroup.
A unique key that ensures the cancellation request is idempotent, preventing unintended duplicate cancellations.
Indicates whether to return the client request ID in the response.
The identifier for the synchronization template used to retrieve directories from service principals.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The end date for the search query, specified as a string.
filter condition for selecting users
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the web app's event logs.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group that contains the subscription.
The unique identifier for the admin user.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Unique identifier for the recording.
Number of notebooks to skip for pagination.
The name of the recovery plan to retrieve details for.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
adds an object to a bucket. you must have write permissions on a bucket to add an object to it. amazon s3 never adds partial objects ; if you receive a success response, amazon s3 added the entire object to the bucket. amazon s3 is a distributed system. if it receives multiple write requests for the same object simultaneously, it overwrites all but the last object written. amazon s3 does not provide
The assignment identifier to list.
The name of the resource group that contains the streaming endpoint.
The API version used for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the channel catalog that is configured to use the legacy tracking format.
The end date of the date range for which the budget summary is requested.
The unique identifier for the audit manager assessment.
The file suffix used for identifying entries related to the NOAA ESRL PSD monthly climate index.
The parameter describes the client authentication token used to authenticate the request batch.
The unique identifier for the enrollment account.
The name of the resource group associated with the workspace.
The version of the API used to access the entity state.
The unique identifier for the activity run that needs to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The location parameter specifies the geographical region for the subscription visibility check related to the private link service.
creates or updates a scaling policy for an auto scaling group. scaling policies are used to scale an auto scaling group based on configurable metrics. if no policies are defined, the dynamic scaling and predictive scaling features are not used. for more information about using dynamic scaling, see target tracking scaling policies and step and simple scaling policies in the amazon ec2 auto scaling user guide. for more information about using predictive scaling, see predictive scaling for amazon ec2
The number of instances to retrieve.
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify additional data to include in the response, typically related to associated resources or nested objects.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property sectiongroups for sites.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results if the number of code reviews exceeds the page size.
The duration in seconds after which the operation times out.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' in the 'users' entity that is being updated, identified by the 'onenotesection' ID, is of type 'string'.
The name of the node pool to retrieve.
The minimum value or threshold for the questions that are not considered answered.
Minimum number of times a word must appear in the corpus to be included in the results.
The directory path within the repository from which to retrieve the README file.
The unique identifier for the workflow to retrieve.
Specifies whether to validate the request without actually performing the operation.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Ordering parameter for sorting the shares retrieved from the print.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The name of the resource group that contains the front door.
The email address or domain that is associated with the sending authorization policy. This parameter must be a verified identity.
The unique identifier for the fact finder whose expenses are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the organizational unit.
API key for authentication, required to access the bulk telephone numbers endpoint.
The version of the API being used.
The identifier for the access package assignment policy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the edit from which all localized listings will be deleted.
The domain version for which comments and replies from collaborators are retrieved.
The name of the resource group to initiate troubleshooting on.
Lifetime description for the API2CRM integration.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to filter or specify the group of candidates in the search query.
The number of gallery images to retrieve, with a maximum limit of 100.
The `signatureid` parameter accepts a signature ID or a signature name. DocuSign recommends using the signature ID for better reliability and performance.
The date from which the checklist cards should be retrieved.
A cursor used for pagination to specify the starting point for retrieving API requests.
The name of the resource group that contains the email notification configuration.
The unique identifier for the data sharing consent record in the device management system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the section.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The unique identifier for the permission.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the group associated with the action to be declined.
The number of promotions to retrieve per page.
The starting index for the search results.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The notebook ID to create a new navigation property to section groups for users.
Specifies the condition type for filtering the shipment search results, such as 'eq' for equality, 'neq' for inequality, etc.
The file to be imported, expected in zip format.
Number of top results to return
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
Specifies whether to include the count of schemas in the response.
The success parameter is a URL that the user will be redirected to after a successful login. The failure parameter is a URL that the user will be redirected to if the login attempt fails.
The name of the database to which principals permissions are being added.
Specifies the last DMR (Data Management Record) within the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters.
The maximum number of activities to return.
The unique identifier for the partner.
Maximum longitude value to filter weblog entries.
Retrieves an array of troubleshooting events from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the site from which analytics data is being retrieved.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating the traffic manager endpoint.
The name of the content key policy to retrieve, including its secret values.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the job to be resumed.
The parameter describes the SQL query string used to retrieve the list of schemas from the data lake analytics catalog.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the role assignment schedule.
Specifies the condition for matching; if set to 'none', no matching is performed.
The chapter number to retrieve the verse from.
Specifies the order of review comments. By default, they are sorted in ascending order by ID.
The unique identifier for the mobile carrier profile.
Sets the status of a certificate back to active if it was previously marked as deletefailed due to being in use by a pool or compute node.
The name of the custom resource provider to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve insights from the provided data source.
The version of the API being used.
The project ID for which the request is being made.
The name of the frontend IP configuration for the load balancer.
The location response header contains the URI that is used to obtain the status of the process.
An array containing calendars retrieved from the user's account.
The parameter specifies the field by which the results should be ordered.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether to copy timestamps from the original subtitles.
Number of entries to skip for the result set.
The unique identifier of the connector associated with the on-premises publishing profile.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The name of the network for which ASR network mappings are to be listed.
Retrieve an array of sets from the term store.
Retrieve the appliesto field from the policies, returning it as an array.
The unique identifier for the system whose collections are to be retrieved.
The API version to be used for resetting recommendation opt-out settings.
creates a new database instance from a database snapshot, restoring most of the source database's original configuration such as default security group and DB parameter group. By default, the new instance is deployed in a single-AZ setup, unless it's a SQL Server instance with an associated mirroring option group, which results in a multi-AZ deployment.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Indicates whether to add a played indicator to the music genre image.
The unique identifier for the cluster.
The repository identifier for which the archive is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the project card to be moved.
destroys a droplet along with all of its associated resources, including volumes, snapshots, and floating IPs, when the request includes the `x-dangerous` header set to `true`.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified groups.
The version of the API being used.
The page number for pagination.
The name of the application resource to retrieve information for.
The parameter represents the unique identifier for a swap shift change request within the navigation property of teams.
The timestamp indicating when the process or event should start.
The description of the API endpoint and the list of supported versions.
Specifies the number of commits to return per page, with a maximum of 250.
The name of the network security group to update.
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve an array of section groups associated with the current user.
Retrieve the list of home realm discovery policies associated with service principals.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the registry to which the run logs are associated.
The unique identifier for the line item.
Image quality level, typically represented as an integer (e.g., 1 for low, 2 for high).
The unique identifier for the hosted content within a chat message.
The name of the image to be updated.
Specifies the field used to filter or retrieve notifications in the notification list.
The unique identifier for the job execution.
The unique identifier for the share subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The certificate in raw bytes format used for generating the verification code for proof of possession.
Specifies the condition under which the marketplace order information should be updated, such as acceptance or shipping status.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the event.
The ID of the workbook named item.
used to manage text notes
The name of the gallery image to be deleted.
The navigation property 'account' in the 'financials' entity is updated with the provided 'purchaseinvoiceline' ID.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Returns the status of job preparation and job release tasks across all compute nodes that have executed these tasks, including nodes no longer in the pool. If the job lacks such tasks, the service returns HTTP 409 (Conflict).
An array containing the selected lines from the workbooks.
The unique identifier for the list item version associated with shares.
Specifies whether to apply best-effort filtering to the list of available phone numbers.
The name of the database to be deleted.
Minimum iron requirement in milligrams.
The user-agent string to identify the client making the request.
The version of the API being used to update the resource.
The state of the workflow trigger to be set.
The version of the API being used.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The version of the API being used to delete the specific authorization server instance.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The maximum number of child attributes to retrieve.
The version of the named value identified by its unique identifier, represented as an ETag.
The enrollment type for suggesting the enrollment limit.
The navigation property line in workbooks to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The unique identifier for the event being declined.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter describes the operational insights resource provider setting that needs to be updated.
The unique identifier of the post to which the navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the Android managed app protection configuration.
The parent resource name, which must be in the format `projects/{project_id}`.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter describes the name of a location, which is used to identify a specific location in the system.
Sort order for the videos in the portfolio (e.g., by date, title, or relevance).
An array containing overrides retrieved from users.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the flow to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the local network gateway to be deleted.
Specifies the number of results per page (max 100).
The resource for which permissions are being checked.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
The navigation property calendar associated with users, identified by a unique string ID.
Filter assignments based on specified criteria.
Returns the value of a worklog property. This operation can be accessed anonymously. Required permissions: browse projects, project permission for the project that the issue is in, and issue-level security permission to view the issue if configured.
The name of the redis cache.
The unique identifier for the team entity.
The unique identifier for the access package resource to be deleted.
count is the only summary type supported on non-numeric streams. requesting a summary for any other type will generate an error. time-weighted totals are computed by integrating the rate tag values over the requested time range. if some of the data are bad in the time range, the calculated total is divided by the fraction of the time period for which there are good values. this approach is equivalent to assuming that during the period of bad data
The resource version to use for listing or watching objects of kind CertificateSigningRequest.
The number of workflows to return per page.
Specifies the field by which the user profiles should be ordered in the response.
Search query string used to filter results.
reports health state of the service package of the application deployed on a service fabric node. the report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported. the report is sent to a service fabric gateway service, which forwards to the health store. the report
The unique identifier for the notebook to be copied.
The name of the certificate to be verified.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results if the response is paginated.
Specifies the ETag (entity tag) of the streaming job to ensure that the update is applied only if the current version matches the specified ETag. This helps prevent conflicts when multiple updates are made concurrently.
search query string for filtering results
The unique identifier of the project.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
Specifies the encoding format for the response, enabling efficient handling of multiple secret values in a single request.
page: the page number for pagination (integer)   size: the number of items per page (integer)
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
Specifies the starting point for returning articles, used for pagination.
The unique ID of the corporation.
Generates a new CVC2 code for a card.
The timestamp indicating the last modification time of the conversations and communities.
used to manage attachment notes
The version of the API to use for the request.
A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken from a previous response.
The unique identifier of the group containing the pages navigation property.
The unique identifier for the poll.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the consumer group to be added.
The timeout duration in milliseconds for the operation to retrieve the service description.
The contact ID of the user.
The zone in which the instance is located.
The version of the API to be used for the request.
The canvases are returned in groups of 100, sorted by time of creation (oldest to newest by default). Archived canvases are excluded unless the `include_archived` field is specified. Stopped but non-archived canvases are included by default.
The unique identifier for a committee, used to track its characteristics and changes over time.
The HTTP method used for the integration response.
The unique identifier for the user whose extensions are being retrieved.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
Time range for which failed client connection events are to be listed.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the site from which lists are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group associated with the API.
Ordering criteria for the result set.
Retrieve extensions associated with users, returned as an array.
The name of the resource group containing the NetApp accounts to be listed and described.
Filter the results by token issuance policies associated with service principals.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property exceptionoccurrences to be deleted.
Indicates whether to include shared snapshots from other AWS accounts in the results. If set to true, snapshots that are shared from other accounts are included. If set to false, only your own snapshots are returned.
Specifies whether to include the count of matching objects in the response.
The name of the connection monitor to create or update.
The closing tag for the highlighted text in search results.
The unique identifier for the event in the calendar view.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The name of the resource group where the express route circuit is located.
The condition to update the task only if it hasn't been modified since the specified timestamp.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The maximum number of services to return in the response. If unspecified, defaults to 50. The maximum allowed value is 1000.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the teams app.
The geographical location where the Azure Key Vault is deployed.
The parameter 'devicemanagementscriptdevicestate - id' is of type string and is used to identify the device for which the action is being invoked.
Indicates whether to delete the dependent resources associated with the cronjob collection.
The storage pool name to retrieve the list of storage volumes.
API key for authentication between API and CRM system for pricebook deletion operations.
The unique identifier for the call record session.
The unique identifier for the subscription in the Azure environment.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the resource group that contains the API diagnostic.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
search query for retrieving members from the education context
Creates a new navigation property reference to the registered users for devices, where the device ID is a string.
The name of the CDN profile to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API key used for authentication to access the bilingual language dataset domains.
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify additional information to include in the response, such as related data or metadata.
Specifies the sorting order for community content.
The unique identifier for the subscription within the resource group.
The name of the resource group that contains the application security group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The version of the API being used for the hybrid connection authorization rules.
The currency of the source payment.
summarizes policy states for the resources under the resource group
The deployment slot for which the publishing profile is being retrieved. If not specified, the publishing profile for the main app is returned.
The project identifier where the subnetwork will be created.
The navigation property sectiongroups in users that needs to be updated, identified by the notebook ID.
An array of pages to be retrieved from the user's data.
The division number associated with the voting record.
Retrieve the format from workbooks as an array.
The name of the resource to be updated.
The unique identifier for the role assignment to be deleted.
The parameter describes the aggregation strategy applied to posts data, specifically defining how post metrics are combined or summarized.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Cosmos DB database account is located.
The unique identifier of the privileged role assignment to be deleted.
The navigation property item in financials for the sales credit memo line identified by the given ID.
The user ID to filter the SSH keys.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property attachments are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the project associated with the policy being patched.
The identifier of the product entity to check for association with the API entity.
creates a custom "from" send-as alias. if an SMTP MSA is specified, Gmail will attempt to connect to the SMTP service to validate the configuration before creating the alias. if ownership verification is required for the alias, a message will be sent to the email address and the resource's verification status will be set to `pending`; otherwise, the resource will be created with verification status set to `accepted`. if a signature is provided, Gmail will
The name of the storage account to be deleted.
A list of subscribed clients to report values.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property majorgridlines in workbooks.
number of items to skip before starting to collect the result set
Number of records to skip for the result set
The name of the resource group where the Redis cache is located.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies whether to include the client request ID in the response.
The region associated with the specified resource policy.
The unique identifier for the billing account.
The parameter 'if-match' is used to ensure that the deletion operation only proceeds if the current ETag of the resource matches the provided value, preventing conflicts in concurrent updates.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property extensions are to be updated.
The workspace to be deleted.
The number of joined teams for the user.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
Returns all pricebooks from the system.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the drive item in the workbook.
The name of the resource group where the application gateway is located.
The parameter 'usedinsight - id' is a string that represents the identifier for the insight being used, typically required to link or reference a specific insight record in the system during the insert action.
The name of the express route circuit.
The unique identifier of the artifact to download.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the application version in which the hierarchical entity model is located.
The number of objects to return.
The unique identifier for the user.
The namespace of the management group.
The repository name where the stopwatch will be started on an issue.
Specifies the field to filter by, such as team name or description, in the search criteria.
The UTC timestamp indicating the end time of the application event.
The unique identifier of the access package to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The version of the API being used to retrieve attested data for the virtual machine.
The API version to use for the request.
The username of the user whose shift changes are being logged.
The username of the data to be deleted.
filter to apply when retrieving sections
The Google Cloud project ID for which the security policy resources are being retrieved.
The navigation property accesspackageresource in identitygovernance
Indicates whether to return only short information (e.g., minimal metadata) about the DICOM content associated with the query/retrieve operation, rather than the full content.
The parameter describes the behavior of the batch service during an upgrade, specifically how compute nodes are handled. When a node is selected for upgrade, any tasks currently running on it are removed and returned to the task queue for reprocessing on another node. The node becomes unavailable until the upgrade finishes, leading to a temporary reduction in the pool's overall capacity.
The identifier for the list item version associated with the navigation property fields to be deleted for sites.
The user ID to retrieve drives for.
Specifies the preferred language for the response.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the tasks by.
The unique identifier for the drive item (workbook) from which navigation property names are to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the management group.
Indicates whether to simplify the response format for easier processing.
The date to which the metrics are retrieved, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter `includefilteredvalues` determines whether filtered events are included in the response. When set to `true`, consecutive filtered events are not returned. Instead, the first value that would be filtered out is returned with its time and the enumeration value "filtered". The next value in the collection will be the next compressed value in the specified direction that passes the filter criteria.
Specifies the sorting order for the returned genes.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the application to which the navigation property is being added.
The name of the lab account.
The unique identifier for the inventory source.
token used for pagination to continue retrieving results from a previous request
The name of the manager responsible for the iSCSI server.
The parameter 'userproject' is a string that specifies the project ID for which changes on all objects in a bucket are being watched.
Specifies caching behavior for the request.
The name of the connection monitor to retrieve.
The instance parameter specifies the identifier for the instance to be updated.
The ETag value to match. If the ETag matches the current value of the resource, the operation will proceed. Otherwise, a 412 Precondition Failed response is returned.
Ordering criterion for the user run states list.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The slot parameter specifies the deployment slot for which the authentication/authorization settings are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the application whose settings are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the group whose calendar is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose device management troubleshooting events are to be deleted.
applies a partial update to an existing response policy rule
The unique identifier for the team to retrieve joined teams information.
The parameter 'sharedinsight - id' is a string that identifies the shared insight to be invoked.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
An array representing the facets available in the Zalando API, specifically related to shoe toe cap styles.
The unique identifier for the document.
The timeout duration in seconds for the operation.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the consumer group to retrieve from the event hub endpoint.
The name of the multi-role pool for an app service environment.
The unique identifier for the attribute group.
Retrieve extensions associated with the specified task list ID.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the application that is undergoing an upgrade.
The name of the server to create or update the threat detection policy for.
The API key used for authentication between the system and CRM, specifically for user-related operations.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The name of the scalable VPN gateway to which the connection is being created or updated.
The name of the workflow as a string.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
Specifies whether to delete the dependent resources when deleting the apiservice.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The start date from which orders are to be retrieved, specified as a string in date format.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The billing location for which the list of meters is retrieved.
Minimum latitude value for the search query.
Maximum number of results to return in the list.
The unique identifier of the notebook from which to delete the navigation property sectionGroups.
The array of sections to be included in the response.
The content of the specified task file.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The AWS account ID associated with the template alias.
The unique identifier for the customer whose addresses are being queried.
The number of patch jobs to return per page.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the call control session.
The name of the resource group where the private link scope will be created or updated.
Specifies the type of media to retrieve, such as episodes or clips.
The resource for which the access control policy is being retrieved.
Maximum number of results to return.
Search query to retrieve sections from sites
The unique identifier for the term in the term store.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The name of the volume to inspect.
The unique identifier for the attachment.
The lease employee identifier for retrieving active inventory of dealers.
The date of the player's game statistics.
Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted.
The event ID associated with the navigation property to multivalue extended properties for groups.
The number of records to return per page.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The name of the public IP prefix to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The condition to match and delete the navigation property steps associated with users.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Specifies whether to include all descendant events in the result set.
The domain name to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
The iteration ID to filter the images. If not specified, the current workspace iteration is used.
The unique identifier for the system used to track and manage assets across all systems on the instance.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier of the event.
indicates the level of impact or urgency of the traffic obstruction event, such as low, medium, or high.
The number of contacts to retrieve.
The user identity array that specifies the user associated with the notification contact template for retrieving the security information of the specified security item.
The date and time when the media items were last updated, used to filter listings by a specific update timestamp.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A unique identifier for the request, used to ensure idempotency and track the creation process.
API key for authentication with the CRM application.
The version of the API being used.
The region for which the instance group is defined.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version ID of the Luis application to be trained.
A string used to search for tables within workbooks.
description for disables the specific rule for a web site permanently
Gets the list of applications deployed on a Service Fabric node. The results do not include information about deployed system applications unless explicitly queried for by ID. The results encompass deployed applications in active, activating, and downloading states. This query requires that the node name corresponds to a node on the cluster.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for the service statistics aggregation.
returns anatomical entities associated with a gene
A token used to continue retrieving replicas in paginated responses.
The unique identifier for the reservation order.
The unique identifier for the control being created.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
creates an entry (a rule) in a network ACL with the specified rule number. Each network ACL has a set of numbered ingress rules and a separate set of numbered egress rules. When determining whether a packet should be allowed in or out of a subnet associated with
The name of the Lambda function.
Filter templates based on the specified criteria in the devicemanagement system.
The ID of the section group to be updated in the navigation property.
The resource for which permissions are being checked.
Specifies whether video stream copying is allowed during audio stream processing.
The unique identifier for the picture related to financials.
Filter to retrieve specific extensions from users.
The unique identifier of the drive to which the navigation property is being added.
The list of alternative versions to use for updating issues that reference the deleted version. If not provided, references to the deleted version in `fixversion`, `affectedversion`, or any version picker custom fields will be cleared.
The dedicated IP address to retrieve information for.
The region for the bunq API endpoint.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property to extensions for users, specifically for the calendar group identified by the provided ID.
Retrieve section groups from the provided groups, returning an array of selected section groups.
Specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or detailed information about the job schedule.
The unique identifier for the store.
The unique identifier of the payment dispute to be contested.
The starting point for the query, typically representing a timestamp or identifier to filter policy events.
The timestamp indicating the end of the time range for retrieving tweets that mention the specified username.
Indicates whether the certificate has a private key associated with it.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the SQL virtual machine group.
The ID of the user who is following the authenticated user.
An array of target findings from the scan.
The name of the application type to query for.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used.
The timestamp indicating when the subscription started, represented as an integer (Unix timestamp).
The name of the lab.
Retrieve an array of device update states from the device management system.
A string prefix to filter the repository names. Only repositories whose names start with this prefix will be included in the results.
Unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the API operation policy.
The unique identifier for the user experience analytics baseline.
Specifies the number of top records to return.
Authentication token used for accessing the container group information.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the specified OneNote page identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier of the section group.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the namespace for which queues are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the section in OneNote.
The start time of the connection established via the specified port.
The number of results to return per page.
Specifies whether to retrieve the raw payroll data.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned.
The name of the workerpool to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the resource whose permissions are being updated.
The name of the container registry for which the replication is being updated.
Sets the status of a certificate back to active if it was previously marked as deletefailed.
The unique identifier for the task file.
The unique identifier for the process whose threads are to be listed.
The location parameter specifies the geographical region or endpoint where the compute fabric operation is being performed.
Specifies whether the search should include only instrumental tracks. When set to true, the results will be limited to tracks without vocals.
The navigation property parentnotebook in me
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Returns a paginated list of contexts for a custom field. Contexts can be filtered by:   - No parameters: returns all contexts.   - `id` parameter: returns contexts matching the specified IDs.   - `isanyissuetype`: filters contexts where the issue type is any.
The resource for which permissions are being checked.
The instance to which the disk is attached.
The name of the protected item to restore.
The end date of the license.
The date when the conference was created.
The name of the search service to create or update.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group associated with the activity log alert.
The number of records to retrieve.
Retrieve a list of users associated with the current context or entity.
The name of the WCF relay for which the authorization rule is being retrieved.
Creates the specified index. A newly created index's initial state is `creating`. On completion of the returned Google Longrunning operation, the state will be `ready`. If the index already exists, the call will return an `already_exists` status. During index creation, the process could result in an error, in which case the index will move to the `error` state. The process can be recovered by fixing the data that caused the error, removing the index with delete, then re-creating the index with create.
Unique identifier for the project, noteable, and notes.
The unique identifier of the API for which the diagnostic details are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the app role assignment.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the group for which the threads navigation property is to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime account.
The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account.
Check if a user is a collaborator of a repository.
The name of the resource group where the API management service instance is located.
The timeout value for advancing to the next upgrade domain during a cluster code or configuration upgrade.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve section groups.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The name of the resource group that contains the route filter.
The database instance class of the reserved DB instance offering.
A token used to continue retrieving backup configuration information for service partitions in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the CDN profiles.
The unique identifier of the attribute template for which child attribute templates are to be retrieved.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The identifier of the logger for which details are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the entity to be deleted from the application version.
The unique identifier for the security score to be deleted.
Search query for retrieving the reference of registered devices associated with users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
The navigation property 'effectiverules' in policies is updated with the specified unified role management policy rule ID.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Retrieve an array of sections associated with users.
The unique identifier of the asset to be added to the board.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The starting point for the list of collections.
The API version to be used for the operation.
The parent of the view.
Specifies whether to include all scopes in the result.
The name of the resource group where the media services account is located.
Filter to apply to the role assignments retrieval.
The current status and execution history of an indexer
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The earliest creation date to filter orders (format: YYYY-MM-DD).
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies whether to perform the deletion in dry-run mode, which simulates the operation without actually deleting the custom resource definition.
The API version to validate the address.
The unique identifier for the floodlight activity to be deleted.
The minimum timestamp (in seconds since Unix epoch) to filter questions by their creation date.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property root associated with shares.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter represents the name of the resource group.
Search query to retrieve submissions from education.
Creates or renames a file or directory. By default, the destination is overwritten if it already exists, and any existing lease on the destination is broken. This operation supports conditional HTTP requests. For more information, see [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for-blob-service-operations).
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The job schedule identifier for the OCP date.
Logs related to connection errors.
The project ID for this request.
The unique identifier for the item.
The number of minutes to look back for changes in player stats.
The API version used to retrieve the push settings associated with a web app.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property resources are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for a county.
The `ref` parameter specifies the commit SHA, branch name, or tag name for which to retrieve the combined commit statuses.
The parameter describes the application types currently provisioned or being provisioned in the Service Fabric cluster. Each version of an application type is treated as a separate entry. The response includes details such as the name, version, status, and other metadata for each application type. Since the query is paged, if there are more results than can fit on a single page, a continuation token is provided to retrieve the next set of results.
The team name to retrieve player details for.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The duration in milliseconds to wait for a response before timing out.
The grain specifies the time interval for the reservation summaries, such as daily or monthly.
cloud identity id or customer name of the customer
search query for filtering exception occurrences
The path to the parent resource.
The requestAttributes and sessionState fields must be compressed with gzip and then base64 encoded before sending to Amazon Lex V2.
The name of the resource group that contains the hosting environment.
The unique identifier for the partner.
The total number of new users on each date, formatted as ISO 8601 date.
The number of items to create.
The unique identifier for the player being rebuilt.
initiates a multipart upload and returns an upload id used to associate all parts in the specific multipart upload
The name of the storage sync service.
search criteria for filtering active cars in the market, including geographic location, radius, year, make, and model
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The balance parameter is used to filter transactions based on the balance account ID. It is one of the required query parameters, along with either `accountholderid` or `balanceplatform`, and `createdsince` and `createduntil`.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the service fabric cluster.
The name of the route filter to be updated.
Specifies whether to return partial success if some reservations fail to be processed.
timeout in seconds for the download operation
The navigation property that links to the parent notebook for the onenotesection.
The name of the resource group where the storage account is located.
The unique identifier for the plan.
Number of results per page (default: 30)
The unique identifier for the project.
The API version used to list all budgets for the defined scope.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the organization.
The pipeline parameter specifies the aggregate for invoices.
Retrieves the basic properties of a pool when the specified condition does not match.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
number of people to return per page
The authorization token required to access the Spotify API endpoints.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter 'mapname' is a string that represents the content callback URL.
Number of sections to skip
The unique identifier for the slot type.
Indicates whether the call data records are associated with a call.
List of event types to exclude from the network events.
The unique identifier for the video item to be streamed.
The unique identifier for the goal from which followers are to be removed.
The name of the resource group where the local network gateway is created or updated.
Retrieve the list of application scopes associated with a role management configuration.
The phone number associated with the store from which the list of orders is retrieved.
The name of the table to disable sensitivity recommendations for.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
search query for users
The unique identifier for the service fabric application.
The identifier for the navigation property to be deleted, used to match and target the specific multivalue extended property within the groups.
The name of the firewall rule to be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
The name of the express route gateway.
Ordering criteria for the entities retrieved from chats.
list of content category IDs to filter the placement groups
The first name of the contact.
The name of the express route cross connection.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the managed cluster is located.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Memo associated with the payment.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The number of sections to retrieve.
Returns a timeseries of bytes difference net sums for a specified MediaWiki page within a given date range, with optional filters for editor types and granularity (daily or monthly).
The unique identifier for the user whose action is being canceled.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property multivalue extended properties are to be deleted.
The top parameter specifies the maximum number of ChromeOS onboarding settings to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested properties.
The `ref` parameter can be a SHA, branch name, or tag name.
Returns the raw location data as a boolean value.
The name of the Auto Scaling group from which target groups will be detached.
Number of results per page (max 100)
The type of entity to be updated, determined by the conditions in the request rather than by a specific entity ID.
The name of the resource group.
The navigation property to access package resources for identity governance.
The unique identifier for the repository.
The navigation property 'pages' in groups that contains the OneNote page with the specified ID.
The unique identifier for the partition involved in the temporary quorum loss situation.
retrieve recommended actions from the advisor
Filter criteria for retrieving group assignments from device management.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of days for which the radiation exposure is being estimated.
The geographical location where the infrastructure role instance is deployed.
The name of the virtual network gateway to reset the primary for.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
An array of key-value pairs used to tag the target group. Tags help organize and identify resources.
Specifies the fields to be included in the response, allowing you to exclude unneeded information such as unused quota details to reduce latency.
A unique identifier used to associate data records with a specific feed or data source.
The two keys used to publish to a topic are the API key and the version key.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The unique identifier for the API deck application.
The name of the cluster to be updated.
The navigation property accesspackageresource in identitygovernance that is being updated.
Token used to retrieve the next page of results if the number of runs exceeds the limit.
The API version for retrieving all actions of an alert rule.
Specifies the order in which results are returned, with 'descending' indicating that the output will be sorted from highest to lowest.
The date when the entry was created, formatted as a string.
Unique identifier for the broadcast.
Specifies the generation of the data blob to be deleted, ensuring permanent deletion when versioning is not enabled or when explicitly required.
The name of the resource group where the express route circuit is located.
initiates a file upload and returns the url where to upload the file to. calling this api generates a secure, unique and time - restricted url where the file can be uploaded to. the url is available in the location http header of the response. the temporal validity of the url is available in the cache - control http header of the response. clients may perform a http put request on the url to upload the file using a form where a file sample. csv is passed as property file = sample. csv. for security reasons
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Sorts the results by the specified field.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the user whose license details navigation property needs to be updated.
Name of the media service account associated with the storage account whose keys need to be synchronized.
The name of the container registry for which build tasks are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the project.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
compares each browser in the target screenshot test to the corresponding browser in the base screenshot test, enabling regression testing by identifying visual differences across the same browsers.
Lists check suites for a commit `ref`. The `ref` can be a SHA, branch name, or a tag name.
The name of the resource group containing the managed clusters.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests.
The unique identifier for the application version.
The maximum number of articles to return.
The name of the datastore to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the user whose multivalue extended properties are being retrieved.
Returns a set of temporary security credentials for users who have been authenticated via a SAML authentication response. This operation enables tying an enterprise identity store or directory to role-based Amazon Web Services access without requiring user-specific credentials or configuration. The temporary security credentials include an access key ID, a secret access key, and a session token.
The job identifier to be resumed.
The maximum number of conversations to return.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property manager for users.
Specifies the field to sort the images by and the sort order (ascending or descending).
The unique identifier for the alert within the department.
Specifies whether to return the count of access package assignment policies instead of the policies themselves.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the notebook from which the navigation property sections will be deleted.
The name of the backend environment.
The name of the function secret.
The unique identifier of the accessPackageResourceScope to be deleted.
Filter connectors created on or after the specified date.
An array of user information, specified by their unique ID.
name: resourcegroupname   type: string   description: The name of the resource group that contains the specified resource.
The version of the API used for the deployment.
The unique identifier of the drive item representing the workbook.
The unique identifier for the organization.
The unique identifier for the filing status type.
The output parameter returns the query identifier after validating the search parameters. The responseset parameter is used to define the page size for the results.
Creates a new navigation property to section groups for the specified group.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the application gateway.
The project identifier where the HTTP health check resource will be created.
Specifies the position in the collection to start retrieving vpclinks from.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
Retrieve a single value extended property from a group.
The unique identifier for the event being forwarded.
Ordering criteria for the retrieved multivalue extended properties of users.
The name of the automation account used to identify the module and activity.
The name of the express route connection to retrieve.
The speed capability of the device, represented as an integer.
Specifies the pool ID to filter the response. If not provided, the response includes all pools that existed in the account within the time range of the returned aggregation intervals.
The name of the resource group containing the log analytics query pack.
The name of the authorization rule for the namespace.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the section group within the sites context, used to specify which section group's parent notebook navigation property is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the device health script.
The unique identifier for the group to be canceled.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the application gateway is located.
The unique identifier for the application making the request.
Specifies the visibility level of the APIs and domains.
The parameter 'orderby' is used to specify the field by which the results should be sorted.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
Filter to apply to the calendargroups.
The name of the managed database to update.
The date when the entry was created.
Token used to get the next page of results.
The name of the app backup to be restored.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The unique identifier of the group for which the parent section group navigation property is to be deleted.
The access package assignment policy ID used to retrieve the access package resource scopes from the identity governance service.
The expand parameter specifies additional details to include in the task response, such as related entities or metadata.
The name of the batch account to which the application will be added.
An array of agents retrieved from the on-premises publishing profiles.
Specifies whether to exclude automatically generated assertions when returning genes associated with a pathway.
The version of the API being used to update the existing live event.
The name of the database to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the app consent request.
The job properties specified in the request will be updated, while any properties not included in the request will remain unchanged.
The path to filter or identify behaviors.
The unique identifier for the project.
A string representing the user's authentication token, required to authorize publishing messages to the topic.
Filter room sessions by the date they were last updated, using an exact match.
The name of the private endpoint to be deleted.
retrieves the list of region resources available to the specified project. to decrease latency for this method, you can optionally omit any unneeded information from the response by using a field mask. this practice is especially recommended for unused quota information ( the ` items. quotas `
The authorization parameter is a string used to authenticate and authorize access to the third-party transaction data.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
An array of contributor insights rule names to enable.
The email address of the user to whom the invitation will be re-sent.
The parameter 'db' is a string that specifies the database to be queried for compounds containing the substructure.
The unique identifier of the API for which loggers are being listed.
The specified authorization rule to be returned.
Filter criteria for retrieving device statuses from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the chat message.
The unique identifier for the group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the service used in the API request.
The ref of the navigation property teamsapp in teams
The term used to search for a federal agency.
The name of the replicated protected item.
The unique identifier for the mobile app.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the project.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
Retrieve user PFX certificates from the device management system.
Specifies the field by which the search results should be sorted.
The file suffix used to filter or identify entries of type amrc freewave data.
The API version for the policy configuration.
The maximum number of results to return.
expand: array of instances to retrieve
The unique identifier of the space for which participants are to be retrieved.
The name of the workflow to retrieve action repetitions for.
The date when the server-side file was last changed, represented as a string.
The entity state (etag) version of the user identified by the provided identifier.
The parameter describes an array of tasks to be retrieved from users, with the 'expand' field indicating additional data or related information to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the proxy session to be updated.
The name parameter specifies the site name for which diagnostics category information is being retrieved.
The criteria used to determine the optimal path, such as shortest distance or fastest time.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the payroll administration.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or nested objects.
The name of the peering connection.
The name of the resource group.
The $expand query parameter is used to include related resources in the response, specifying which related entities should be included.
The format of the team season statistics data.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the resource group containing the recovery plan.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Activates a fund for an employment by using the employment ID.
Number of policies to skip.
The unique identifier of the notebook to which the action will be copied.
The name of the managed application.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event that needs to be declined.
Lists all Channel 4 programmes associated with the specified category (tag). By default, programmes are ordered by transmission date, with the most recently transmitted first.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for the specified event ID.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.
The version of the API being used.
get parent notebook from the current user, with optional expansion of related resources
The version of the API to be used.
The workspace parameter specifies the name of the workspace from which the model will be deleted, if it exists.
The API version to use for the request.
Search query string to filter results based on category names or related criteria.
The name of the resource group that contains the media services account.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
billrunid: the unique identifier of the bill run to be deleted
The date to filter experiments, specified as a string in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD'.
The parameter 'trending-id' is a string that represents the reference ID of the navigation property resource to be updated in the current user's context.
The format of the venues.
The ID of the project in which to create the cluster.
The language of the caption track to be downloaded.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property resource reference needs to be updated.
Unique identifier for the genre to retrieve details for.
Specifies whether to delete the task only if it matches certain criteria.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
lists the handshakes associated with the organization that the requesting user is part of
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the domestic standing order consent.
Number of top items to retrieve from the sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the certificate is provisioned.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page being updated.
The ending_before parameter is used to retrieve tax rates that were created before a specific tax rate. It acts as a cursor for pagination, allowing you to fetch the previous set of tax rates in the sorted list.
The unique identifier of the section to be deleted.
The name of the backend service to retrieve.
A token that specifies the starting point for the next set of results in a paged response.
The list of groups to include in the response.
The name of the resource to be created.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be updated.
The unique identifier for the shared insight used to determine the range of data or content.
The name of the resource group that contains the recommended elastic pool.
The location parameter specifies the geographical or logical location associated with the service tag information resources.
Creates a new navigation property to pages for the specified OneNote section identified by its ID.
The name of the lab.
The ID used to locate a specific location; obtain location IDs via the get consumer / v1 / locations endpoint.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the instance to be restarted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property to section groups is being created.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' for the specified 'sectiongroup' identified by the given 'id' will be removed.
Filters the role assignment approvals based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The subdomain to be set for the campfire service of the project.
used to manage attachment notes
The name of the express route port.
The version of the API being used for querying usage data.
The name of the resource group that contains the media services account.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property format associated with workbooks.
The unique identifier of the event associated with the navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties for users.
The parameter describes a string identifier for a workbook chart, used to invoke an action that sets a solid color.
The parameter 'b2cidentityuserflow - id' is a string that identifies the B2C identity user flow to be invoked.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
The ID of the video for which private access permissions are being queried.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the user whose followers are to be retrieved.
The maximum number of results to return.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting an entity from schema extensions.
performs text recognition, identifies entities (people, places, things), returns related searches, visually similar images, shopping sources, and other topical content for exploration.
The unique identifier of the hook to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the batch instance to be updated.
The unique identifier for the operation tracking the partition restart progress.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The action to be performed on the permission scheme.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage entity.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A filter to apply to the list of resource type providers.
The version of the API being used to summarize policy states for the resource.
The column parameter specifies the integer value representing the column index or position in a dataset or table.
Indicates whether CRM synchronization should be skipped.
filter to apply on the versions from shares
The parent resource name for the appgateways, typically in the format of projects/{project}/locations/{location}.
Creates a new navigation property to section groups for the specified OneNote section.
The name of the cluster where the service fabric application resource will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The order parameter specifies the transaction identifier for retrieving spend or receive money transactions, including prepayments and overpayments.
Specifies whether partial success is allowed when retrieving the list of target HTTPS proxy resources. If set to true, the API will return a response even if some resources fail to be retrieved.
search for entries of type noaa carbon measurements
Filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving daily print usage by user from reports.
A search term to filter events by relevant keywords such as event name, venue, or organizer.
The direction of the sort order (asc or desc).
Specifies whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
returns a list of tweets authored by the provided user id
The name of the virtual network.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be acted upon.
Gets all replicas-related events for a partition.
The character ID to fetch order history for.
The number of seconds to wait for a response before timing out.
page number for pagination
The name of the endpoint from which the custom domain will be deleted.
The authorization token required to access the API.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified group with ID 'onenotesection' is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the gift card.
The unique identifier for the enrollment account for which usage data is to be forecasted.
An array containing tasks retrieved from the print system.
The ID of the previous uplink status to start the list from.
A token used for pagination to indicate the starting point for the next set of results.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The index of the video stream in the HLS playlist.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating the model status of prediction.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property signins associated with auditlogs.
Specifies areas to avoid during route calculation, such as toll roads or restricted zones.
The maximum number of settingdefinitions to return.
The maximum number of records to return in the response.
notifies Service Fabric that the persisted state on a node has been permanently removed or lost, indicating that recovery of the node's persisted state is no longer possible. This typically occurs when a hard disk is wiped or crashes, and the node must be down for the operation to succeed. The operation informs Service Fabric that replicas on that node are no longer viable.
The name parameter represents the resource group name, which is a string identifier for the resource group in the backend system.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The Bluetooth MAC address used to identify and retrieve associated Systems Manager device IDs.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the local network gateway will be created or updated.
The instances to delete.
Specifies the field to sort the ideas by.
Maximum number of privileges to return
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The version of the API used by the web application.
The path to the file on the storage provider.
Parameter description: A string used to specify the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The unique identifier (ID) of the directory object.
The city parameter specifies the city around which to search for dealers.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The name of the integration account for which the batch configuration is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the customized report to be removed.
The parameter 'row' is of type integer and represents the row index in the cell function invocation.
The unique identifier of the Google Ads account.
The region for which the most recent health check results are retrieved.
The status of the export, returns 'success'
The version of the API to use for the request.
The external geometry search parameter.
The unique identifier for the project role.
The unique identifier for the Reserved Instances to be deleted from the queue.
The unique identifier for the taxation item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Start date of the timeframe for which statistics are to be retrieved, specified as a string in a valid date format.
A unique identifier for the client operation.
The name of the Azure resource group where the Cosmos DB account is located.
configuration options used in a configuration template or environment, or defined by a solution stack, including their values, default values, and the required action on a running environment if changed
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the report records.
The name of the account owner.
maximum phosphorus level allowed in the search results (in milligrams)
A unique identifier for the request.
The name of the resource group to which the product belongs.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Fields related to the member who created the board.
The vendor for which the export preferences are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the container registry.
The unique identifier for the navigation property set in the term store.
The unique identifier of the group for which the drives navigation property is to be deleted.
Maximum latitude limit for the search query.
Filter the token lifetime policies referenced by applications based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Token for the next page of results.
Indicates whether to include unavailable photos in the results.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra table to create or update.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
Maximum latitude limit for the search query.
The version of the API being used.
The authentication provider for the user.
A unique identifier for the request. This field helps in tracking and managing requests, especially when dealing with asynchronous operations or retry mechanisms.
Specifies whether partial success is allowed when retrieving the list of targettcpproxy resources. If set to true, the request may return a partial response even if some operations fail.
The unique identifier for the user to be updated.
Specifies the sort order for the repositories.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version used for deleting the resource by ID.
The API version for the operation.
The page number for pagination of the search results.
Opens a new mail window with settings specified in the request.
The string parameter to be accepted, representing the employer ID for which declarations are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the team to be archived.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the resource group associated with the dedicated host group.
Specifies the maximum number of pools to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Retrieve calendar permissions associated with the current user, returning an array of permission details.
cycle parameter specifies the two-year period (named after the even-numbered year) for which the financial report data is aggregated.
initiates the copy of an AMI from one region to another or from a region to an Outpost. You cannot copy an AMI from an Outpost to a region, from one Outpost to another, or within the same Outpost. To copy an AMI to another partition, use CreateStoreImageTask. To copy an AMI from one region to another, specify the source region using the SourceRegion parameter and the destination region using its endpoint. Copies of encrypted backing snapshots for the AMI are also copied.
The name of the service associated with the logger being updated.
retrieves all available parent paths for any object type such as node, leaf node, policy node, and index node objects. use this API to evaluate all parents for an object. the call returns all objects from the root of the directory up to the requested object. the API returns the number of paths based on user-defined maxResults, in case there are multiple paths to the parent. the order of the paths and nodes returned is consistent among multiple API calls unless the objects are deleted or moved. paths not leading to
Specifies the fields to be included in the search results for analysis templates.
Copies the specified section to a section group.
Search term to retrieve extensions from me
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
defines when files in an Amazon EFS file system are automatically transitioned to the lower-cost EFS Infrequent Access (IA) storage class. To enable EFS Intelligent Tiering, set the value of transitionToPrimaryStorageClass to after_1_access.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier for the mobile app troubleshooting event to be deleted.
The maximum number of service attachments to return.
The API version to be used for the request.
The unique identifier for the image to which the tag will be added.
updates a node addon by setting the values of the attributes specified in the request body. any unspecified attributes will be left unchanged. node addon can be updated with either a * * put * * or * * patch * * request. the ` external _ account _ id `, ` enabled `, and ` folder _ id ` fields are mandatory in a * * put * *, and optional in * * patch * *. non - string values will be accepted and stringified, however we make no promises about the stringification output. to delete
The unique identifier for the query within the log analytics querypack.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property resourcenamespaces associated with rolemanagement.
The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the S3 Storage Lens configuration.
The number of events to return.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the role to create or update.
The unique identifier for the policy set.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used to create or update the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the step in the pipeline whose log file is to be retrieved.
The name of the account for which the most recent storage usage data is being retrieved.
The region where the disk is located.
Token used for authentication to retrieve member cards by member ID.
The unique identifier for the device that is unsubscribing from dataset modification notifications.
The version of the API being used.
pagination parameter to control the starting point of search results
The authorization token used for authenticating the request.
Specifies the data partition for the facet, applicable only in development or applied schemas.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be deleted.
Specifies the order in which to return the time series data. Valid values are 'ASCENDING' or 'DESCENDING'.
returns phenotypes associated with a variant
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the gallery application to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage to be deleted.
Exports a key from Azure Key Vault in a protected form, ensuring the key material remains secure and usable only within the Azure Key Vault system. This operation supports all key types and is intended for transferring keys between Azure Key Vault instances while maintaining protection through either an Azure Key Vault HSM or the vault itself.
The channel identifier for retrieving editorial highlights.
The unique identifier for the channel.
The name of the virtual machine associated with the guest configuration assignment.
The name of the virtual network gateway for the application.
The unique identifier for the encryption configuration.
The unique identifier of the event to update.
The unique identifier for the partition.
The navigation property accesspackageresourceroles in identitygovernance is updated with the specified identifier.
A string representing the URI of the bundle containing the substances.
The unique identifier for the consent manager associated with the patient.
List of fare types available for the specified origin, destination, and date.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the onlinemeetings navigation property.
Text for shared runners configuration
The name of the authorization rule to be created for the specified topic.
The name of the fabric to be refreshed.
The name of the API management service instance.
Ordering criteria for the instances returned.
Maximum number of records to export
The form used for the filing, which identifies the type of campaign finance report being submitted.
A list of labels to apply to the merge request.
The TPP signature certificate used for authenticating the request.
The maximum number of records to return per page, with a cap of 100.
The unique identifier for the event.
force the update of the specified cronjob without requiring a dry-run or confirmation
The range of the manufacturer's suggested retail price (MSRP) for recently active cars in the market, based on the provided search criteria.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The version of the API being used.
Provides status of the report creation and supports various query parameter combinations to generate different types of reports related to `reportid`. For example, to retrieve a list of assets' dwelling times within a specified geofence during the report period, include the `reportid` parameter.
The name of the resource group containing the network security group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
uploads contents of the file to the image store. use this api if the file is small enough to upload again if the connection fails. the file's data needs to be added to the request body. the contents will be uploaded to the specified path. image store service uses a mark file to indicate the availability of the folder. the mark file is an empty file named " _. dir"
indicates whether the order documents should be filtered to include only those that are approved
The name of the resource group containing the VM scale set.
The name of the agent pool to be deleted.
The Google Cloud zone for which reservations are being queried.
Specifies whether to monitor or track changes in the configuration settings.
The available values for the endpoint services at the specified location.
The index of the pull request review to submit.
The version of the API being used.
retrieves the taxid object with the given identifier
The maximum number of memberships to return per page.
The coupon applied to the invoice, if any.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The version of the API to use for this request.
checks whether you have the required permissions for the action without actually making the request
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the navigation property line in workbooks.
The client parameter specifies the client identifier used for authentication and authorization during the account update operation.
Expands the response to include additional details about each developer, such as their roles, permissions, and associated projects.
relevant words or labels describing the content of the image, such as objects, people, scenes, or actions, without using a hierarchical structure.
The name of the network interface to retrieve information for.
used to manage attachment notes
The username of the user to be created.
The diagnostic category to retrieve.
The page number for pagination of the search results.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
The name of the machine learning workspace account.
The unique identifier for the tag associated with the operation.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the service instance for which API version sets are listed.
The role of the team member.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Retrieve the list of restricted sign-ins from the audit logs.
Expands the compliance data to include child tags.
The search query or keyword used to filter the list of plans.
This operation is only available if you have the invoice settlement feature enabled.
Specifies the state for traversal into a MIB object and its subtree; set to 0 to disable traversal, or 1 to enable traversal.
The name of the database to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The geojson representation of the facilities corresponding to the provided qid.
maximum potassium level allowed in the search results
Indicates whether to delete metrics associated with the app or deployment slot.
Indicates whether all requests to the domain must be made over HTTPS.
number of entries to skip for the result set
Number of update state summaries to retrieve.
number of players to return per page
The managed zone to be updated.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment to be updated.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property userexperienceanalyticsdevicestartupprocesses related to devicemanagement.
The name of the app service environment for which diagnostic information is being retrieved.
query facilities by bounding box, latitude and longitude, state, visn, or zip code. bounding box is specified as four ` bbox [ ] ` parameters, long1, lat1, long2, lat2. ( relative order is unimportant. ) a query by latitude and longitude returns all facilities in the system, sorted by distance from that location. all location queries support filtering by facility type, available services, and mobile status. one can also retrieve facilities by id using
filter string to specify the sensitivity labels of a given database
expand: array of tasks to include in the response
Retrieve the list of printer shares from the print service.
searches for content items that match the given tag and content type
The unique identifier for the agent instance.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial information is being retrieved.
The value of the tag associated with the subscription resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the domain security profile to be updated.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource from which the tag will be removed.
The name of the start/stop schedule.
Indicates whether the operation should be validated without actually creating the persistent volume.
The name of the MongoDB database within the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The political party associated with the filing. This parameter can be used to filter results by party, such as Democratic, Republican, or Independent.
search key: a string used to search for users in the company contacts; can be a first name, last name, or email address
The name of the project associated with the assessments.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of resource policies.
The API version used to activate the service fabric cluster node.
Number of audio channels in the audio stream.
filter parameter to specify criteria for aggregating target instances
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property parentsectiongroup for users.
A label selector to filter the collection of certificate signing requests.
The unique identifier for the managed mobile app.
The name of the resource group containing the route table.
The date and time at which the file was last modified, used to compare with the current modification time of the file.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and reference the specific request made to the bunq API.
A short-form list of matches for the specified event, identified by the event key.
A unique identifier for the request.
Specifies the last modified time of the job, used to conditionally update the job only if it has been modified since the specified time.
The name of the resource group containing the network security group.
The date when the entry was last changed, represented as a string.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The number of results to return per page.
Number of pages to retrieve from users
The unique identifier for the access package resource role scope.
The name of the resource group.
The API version used for inserting a new tag on the pay schedule.
Specifies the time, in seconds, to wait for a response before timing out.
search criteria for active auction cars including geo-point with radius, year, make, model, and multiple year/make combinations
The number of agents to be managed or processed.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Search term to find reference of column positions from sites.
The unique identifier for the sales instruction.
The name of the resource group under which the peering is created or updated.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The name of the keyspace in the Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra table.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the board background to be deleted.
The name of the express route circuit.
The namespace associated with the SSH tunnel to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the user.
The grain specifies the time granularity for the reservation summaries, either daily or monthly.
Creates a new navigation property to multivalue extended properties for the specified event ID.
The date of the OCP certificate.
Minimum year of manufacture for facilities or clusters.
Ordering criteria for the results, specifying the property to sort by.
The unique identifier for the partition associated with the latest backup state.
Fields to include in the response for shares, specified as a comma-separated list of field names.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the post being replied to.
The identifier of the teamsAppDefinition to delete the navigation property teamsAppDefinition for.
returns the metadata for creating issues, including available projects, issue types, and fields with their types and required status. Projects are excluded if the user lacks permission to create issues in them. The fields in createmeta correspond to the issue creation configuration.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the flow from which the VPC interface is to be removed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property bucketTaskBoardFormat.
creates a Redis (cluster mode disabled) or Redis (cluster mode enabled) replication group. This API can be used to create a standalone regional replication group or a secondary replication group associated with a global datastore. A Redis (cluster mode disabled) replication group is a collection of clusters, where one of the clusters is a read/write primary and the others are read-only replicas. Writes to the primary are asynchronously propagated to the replicas. A Redis cluster-mode enabled cluster is comprised of multiple shards, each containing a primary node and one or more replica nodes, enabling horizontal scaling and improved data distribution across nodes.
Filter credentials by status (e.g., active, inactive).
The name of the network watcher resource to use for troubleshooting.
The name of the location for which the connectivity status is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the API.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the user role to be deleted.
Filter workforce integrations by specified criteria.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of connections.
maximum number of results to return
List of drugs or small molecules used to treat the condition or disease.
The API version for the operation.
The DNS name of the managed zone.
Allows copying of the video stream in HLS playlist.
The name of the androidmampolicy to retrieve.
The name of the budget to be deleted.
number of items to skip in the result set
The unique identifier for the access package assignment to be updated.
The unique identifier for the episode on IMDb.
Number of device update states to retrieve.
The version of the Batch service API to use for the request.
A short, unique identifier for the block, property, or room.
The number of versions to return per page.
The unique identifier for the service used in the API request.
Updates an existing worklog entry. The fields that can be edited are comment, visibility, started, timespent, and timespentseconds. Either timespent or timespentseconds can be provided, but not both. Fields not included in the request will remain unchanged.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
Filter to apply to the list of room participants, specifying the context for filtering.
The name of the container that holds the backed up data.
The maximum number of healthcheck resources to return.
The name of the DNS zone to create the recordset in.
The authentication method ID to reset the password for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment request to be deleted.
The order direction for issue comments, by default ascending by ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of log events to return in a single call, up to 10,000. If not specified, the default is 10,000.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The text string used to search for domains by top-level domain (TLD).
name: ioname - specifies the analog output to read the value from
The unique identifier for the service.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the event.
The project ID for the resource.
The unique identifier for the EC2 instance for which the root volume replacement task is being created.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the partner associated with the Google audience.
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, enabling alternative formats like `users/*/operations`. This is achieved by adding a custom binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` in the service configuration. For backward compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, but overriding is supported for flexibility.
The output parameter description is: A string representing the name of the watershed corresponding to the provided WBD code and watershed level.
The API version to be used for the request.
The name of the resource group where the application insights component is located.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart series to be cleared.
The zone where the instance is located.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group where the deployment will be created.
The name of the service for which releases are being listed.
The name of the keyspace in Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra API.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property instances are to be updated.
The mailscript address to be deleted.
The available values for the endpoint services that can be used.
The name of the resource group that contains the integration runtime.
The name of the storage account.
An array of access package resource requests retrieved from the identity governance system.
The ID of the region for which active order type IDs are requested.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the service within Apideck.
Token used to retrieve the next page of results.
Filter to apply on the contact folders (e.g., to retrieve specific folders by name or other criteria).
The version of the API to use for the request.
Filter to apply on the policy states for resources under the management group.
The format of the competitors' information, typically including names or identifiers of the top 3 competitors.
Number of days forward to retrieve the on-call schedule for.
The navigation property 'parentsection' for the current user's OneNote section, identified by the provided ID, is updated.
The end date of the report in day format.
The name of the peering to be retrieved for the express route cross connection.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, based on the specified property.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting a job.
The name of the security rule to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine.
The authorization parameter is used to authenticate the request and ensure access to the requested data.
The navigation property driveitem in drives that needs to be updated, identified by the itemactivityold ID.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the section group for which the parent section navigation property is to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the workflow trigger.
The number of items to return in the response.
The name of the database to be resumed.
Specifies the load balancer to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The name of the entity associated with the BizTalk hybrid connection.
The date for the OCP (OpenShift Container Platform) configuration.
Specifies additional related resources to include in the response, such as associated records or details.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies caching behavior for the notes associated with a given user.
The output parameter represents the result of the search, containing details about the civil enforcement and criminal cases that match the provided selection criteria.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the drive containing the media content to be updated.
Number of tables to retrieve, limited to a maximum of 100.
number of cryptocurrency transactions to offset
The unique identifier for the workflow.
The access package assignment policy ID used to retrieve the access package resource scopes from the identity governance service.
The name of the resource group to be updated.
The name of the schema to retrieve from the data lake analytics catalog.
Specifies the maximum number of cities to return in the response.
Creates a target group. For more information, see the following: Target groups for your Application Load Balancers, Target groups for your Network Load Balancers, Target groups for your Gateway Load Balancers. This operation is idempotent, which means that it completes at most one time. If you attempt to create multiple target groups with the same settings, each call succeeds.
fields to retrieve from the rate plan charge
The name of the queue for which the authorization rule is to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The path to the device used for the express route circuit.
Creates a channel partner repricing config. Use this method to set modifications for a specific channel partner's bill. You can only create configs if the repricing config's effective invoice month is a future month. If needed, you can create a config for the current month with certain limitations.
The parameter 'p_des' is a string used to specify search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
media URL must be a publicly accessible URL to a media file. It will be fetched asynchronously after the REST call returns.
This parameter is used to filter payment disputes that are filed against a specific order, identified by the provided order ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the local network gateway to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
Specifies the field to sort the calendar permissions by.
Specifies the VPC subnet IDs for the DB proxy endpoint. These subnets must be in the same VPC as the DB proxy and are used to route traffic to the DB proxy endpoint.
A filter string used to list consent stores in the specified dataset.
Number of results per page
The file extension used to identify entries of type esri gp server.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcescope in identity governance.
This endpoint serves multiple purposes, including retrieving a list of currently active cars from the market based on specified search criteria. It supports searching cars around a geographic point within a defined radius, filtering by specific year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and searching for cars matching multiple years. Results are paginated with a maximum limit of 10,000 rows.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the song whose rating is being retrieved.
A token to get the next page of results.
Specifies the earliest datetime to filter backups, allowing retrieval of backups created on or after this time.
The name of the site analysis to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the conversation.
A string representing the preferred language for PSU (Payment Service User) acceptance.
The name of the resource group associated with the asset filter.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
Filter criteria for retrieving workflows by resource group.
Specifies whether to include the count of items in the response.
creates a traffic mirror session. a traffic mirror session actively copies packets from a traffic mirror source to a traffic mirror target. create a filter, and then assign it to the session to define a subset of the traffic to mirror, for example all tcp traffic. the traffic mirror source and the traffic mirror target ( monitoring appliances ) can be in the same vpc, or in a different vpc connected via vpc peering or a transit gateway. by default, no traffic is mirrored. use createtrafficmirrorfilter to create filter rules that specify the
The number of unplayed items in the genre.
The list of thumbprints to replace the existing ones for the OIDC provider resource object.
The maximum number of taught classes to retrieve.
The name of the resource group where the log analytics query pack is located.
Identifier used to track and reference client requests within the bunq system.
The name of the build task to create a build step for.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the consistency level for the request, ensuring that the response reflects the most recent data based on the specified consistency requirement.
The name of the compose deployment to retrieve the status for.
Indicates whether the request should include a client request ID.
An array containing the fill data extracted from workbooks.
The district associated with the filing. This is an array to accommodate multiple districts if applicable.
The unique identifier for the VPC.
The name of the resource group containing the express route cross connection.
Specifies the maximum number of directories to return.
lists all of the per-instance configurations defined for the managed instance group
creates a NAT gateway in the specified subnet, which involves creating a network interface with a private IP address from the subnet's IP range. The NAT gateway can be either public or private. A public NAT gateway enables internet-bound traffic from a private subnet to be routed through it.
page number for pagination
Specifies whether the daemonset name should be matched exactly.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The starting position for retrieving the data, used for pagination.
The unique identifier for the role assignment to be deleted.
The name of the custom domain to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the benefit in kind type to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the request. This parameter is used to ensure idempotency of the request.
The region parameter specifies the geographical region for the URL map configuration.
A similarity key generated for matching full name data, where the first and last name are combined into a single field.
The unique identifier of the extension to update.
The unique identifier for the user whose sections are to be retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The login parameter is used to authenticate the user.
The API version being used.
The unique identifier for the managed device certificate state.
Sort order for the accounts list.
The name of the resource group.
The region where the forwarding rule is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve attachments associated with users, returning them as an array.
The navigation property format for the workbookchart entity in workbooks.
The username of the user account to be updated.
The unique identifier for the backup to be deleted.
The unique identifier key for the card being updated.
The unique identifier for the operation.
The name of the API management service instance.
Search for premium stock video content, including archival film and contemporary 4K/HD footage, using an API key and access token. Specify desired response fields via the "fields" parameter to control the information returned. Anonymous searches are possible with just an API key, yielding results similar to unauthenticated site searches on gettyimages.com.
Search query string to filter entities in the oauth2PermissionGrants collection.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
Specifies the fields to be included in the response, with any time series value containing an 'errors' property indicating a handled error during the transfer of the response stream.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the field to sort the environments by.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the metadata template to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property parentnotebook in sites
The field to sort the connectors by.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
filter parameter to specify the resources to retrieve from sites
The name of the automation account used to create the test job of the runbook.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the thumbnails navigation property.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the group.
A filter to apply to the list of target grpc proxies.
The unique identifier for the user whose detected malware state is being retrieved.
The maximum number of results to return.
Specifies the navigation property to expand in the response, allowing additional related data to be included.
The title of the article to be matched.
The API version to use for the request.
The report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property sections in sites, identified by the sectiongroup ID.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the sink to be deleted.
The start time from which to query tweets mentioning the specified user ID.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the route filter to retrieve rules for.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the report to be updated.
The unique identifier for the usage instance.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The version of the API being used.
The name parameter specifies the identifier for the configuration setting being applied.
The unique identifier for the deprovisioning setting associated with imported Apple device identities in device management.
The parameter describes the navigation property 'meetingattendancereport' associated with the 'onlinemeeting' entity, identified by a unique string ID.
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified OneNote page will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the secret to be deleted from Azure Key Vault.
This operation is only available if you have the [invoice item settlement] permission.
Specifies the field by which results should be ordered.
The name of the express route port resource to create or update.
The name of the resource, specifically the consumer group, to be retrieved from the event hub endpoint for an IoT hub.
Number of outcomes to skip for pagination.
The name of the blob service.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event in the calendar.
The location of the resource associated with the alert, specifically within a resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The API version used to reset the current load of a Service Fabric partition to the default load for the service.
The navigation property used to access the resource roles associated with an access package assignment in the identity governance context.
The access package assignment policy ID used to retrieve the access package resource scopes.
The unique identifier for the Windows Autopilot deployment profile.
The unique identifier of the notebook that contains the section groups to be updated.
The unique identifier for the company.
The parameter describes the top number of authorization servers to be listed in the collection.
The parent parameter specifies the parent of the new scan configuration.
The codec used for subtitle streaming.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the group in the term store.
returns a template instance of the specified data type
Ordering parameter for the response, specifying the field to sort by.
Returns a paginated list of filters. Use this operation to retrieve: - Specific filters by defining only the `id`. - Filters that match all specified attributes (e.g., all filters for a user with a particular word in their name). When multiple attributes are provided, only filters matching all are returned. This operation can be accessed anonymously.
Specifies the preferred language for the response.
returns cases associated with a genotype
Number of records to skip for the result set
The navigation property attachments for the user's calendar, identified by the specified ID.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The page number for pagination.
Filter by cost currency to retrieve sim card orders.
The unique identifier of the container.
The version of the API to use for resuming the database.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single call. Use this parameter with NextToken to control pagination.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The name of the media services account where the streaming locator will be deleted.
The name of the container registry from which the webhook will be deleted.
list issues in an organization assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue
The API version to filter logs by.
Specifies the types of content to include in the search, such as projects, documents, and translations.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the cluster upgrade progress to be retrieved.
The ID of the onenotesection to retrieve its parent section group.
The unique identifier for the shared insight to be canceled.
aggregate for users
An array representing the new resource to be inserted into the collection.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The date when the research contribution was last changed.
The name of the suggester to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook table column.
The name of the resource group that contains the route table.
The unique identifier for the server where the user is located.
The unique identifier for the resource operations to be deleted, used to match and identify the specific navigation property.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the integration account.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the payment link that needs to be updated.
The unique identifier for the logger.
filter parameter to specify criteria for retrieving outcomes from education data
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property macossoftwareupdateaccountsummaries in device management.
The timeout value in seconds for the operation to complete before timing out.
The subscription ID parameter allows specifying the Azure subscription to use for the deployment, enabling automation through PowerShell and ARM templates.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the field to sort the category list by.
A unique identifier for the client's request.
The name of the application.
An array of key-value pairs to associate with the cluster.
An array of expanded notification details.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the event.
A unique identifier for the request, used to ensure idempotency and track the operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the deployment to cancel.
The name of the revision.
The taxon parameter specifies the organism's taxonomic identifier or name, which is used to filter genes associated with the given anatomy.
departure point coordinates or location name
The type of the transaction account.
The maximum time allowed for the operation to complete, in seconds.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The parameter 'id' is a string that represents the identifier for the site whose navigation property 'analytics' needs to be updated.
Position of the hashtag in the post text.
The name of the catalog for which the default branch is to be determined.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the maximum number of owner references to retrieve from the applications.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The format of the response, typically specifying the structure or schema of the returned data.
The name of the network profile to retrieve.
filter parameter to list all jobs for the transform
Retrieve a list of prior versions of files associated with a legal hold assignment. Use the alternative API endpoint if only the most recent file versions are required.
The name of the iOS MAM policy to be patched.
The unique identifier for a reservation.
number of results per page
The unique identifier for the diagnostic being updated.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parent parameter specifies the project and location in which to list servers, formatted as projects/{project}/locations/{location}.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieved from users.
The unique identifier for the user.
The name of the profile to retrieve the list of preconfigured endpoints for.
The row parameter specifies the integer value representing the row index in the cell function invocation.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The number of users to skip before starting to return results.
The name of the secret to retrieve.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network is located.
Sort parameter for listing master brands.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to find mentions from users
The name of the network watcher resource.
The version of the API being used.
The ID of the screen for which the available fields are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the container group.
The property key to be updated.
The value of this parameter must be a date and time string in ISO 8601 format. It specifies that the operation should only proceed if the resource has been modified since the specified date and time.
returns variants associated with a phenotype
The name of the network security group.
filter string to apply when retrieving buckets from groups
filter to apply to the node list
The version of the API being used.
A string used to filter and summarize policy states for the specified resource.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving verification DNS records from domains
The unique identifier for the process to retrieve information about.
Specifies the fields to be retrieved for the cards.
The name of the category to be retrieved.
The location where the network fabric operation is being performed.
The unique identifier for the education class resource.
The name of the schema.
Specifies the image types to return for the playlist.
The unique identifier of the document within the envelope.
Specifies the maximum number of objects to return in the response.
The name of the source.
Creates a new navigation property to sectionGroups for groups.
The name of the repository.
The maximum number of results to return per request.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the resource group that contains the network security group.
Specifies the maximum number of licenses to return in the response.
The number of seconds to wait for a response before timing out.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be replaced.
The unique identifier of the group containing the term set.
The unique identifier of the group to which the parent section group is associated.
Retrieve section groups associated with users.
The unique identifier for the group from which posts are to be retrieved.
Lists assignments, returning only those that were explicitly created.
The unique identifier of the project.
The parent node to which the new node will be attached.
Creates a new navigation property to multivalue extended properties for groups with the specified ID.
The ETag value to match for conditional requests.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresource in identity governance.
The version of the API being used.
Removes a replica from the service fabric cluster, closing it, transitioning to role none, and eliminating all state information. This simulates a permanent fault scenario for testing state removal paths. Use with caution as it may cause data loss for stateful services and lacks safety checks. The forceremove flag affects all other replicas hosted in the cluster.
The number of events to return.
The project identifier for which the DNSKEY representation is to be fetched.
The type of transportation service (e.g., taxi, minicab).
The unique identifier for the user to whom the activity notification is being sent.
The unique identifier for the file revision to be deleted.
The region for which the access control policy is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy.
Indicates whether to include the total count in the response.
The unique identifier for the shopper making the purchase and registration.
The name of the virtual machine.
The parameter describes the data that is always actual and is being transferred from the API to CRM.
Number of albums to return per page
The identifier for a creative group.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
Retrieve a list of iOS managed app protections from the device app management configuration.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a unified role assignment request, used to retrieve or manage app scope information within role management.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Retrieve an array of sections associated with the user.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to attachments.
An array of access package resource environments retrieved from the identity governance system.
Historical records for analytic zones
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites, identified by the specified sectiongroup ID.
A string value that specifies the ending character or sequence before the coupon identifier.
The version of the API being used.
The report ID used to retrieve the guest configuration assignment report.
The name of the network profile to be deleted.
Rolls back the current application upgrade to the previous version. This API is only applicable when an upgrade is in progress and rolling forward to a new version. If no upgrade is currently underway, use the `startApplicationUpgrade` API to initiate an upgrade to the desired version.
The parent consent store where the new attribute definition will be created.
The unique identifier for the thread.
The ID of the site to update the navigation property parentsectiongroup for.
The integer value representing the current page number for pagination in the search criteria.
Specifies the order in which the access package assignment resource roles should be returned.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
Specifies the desired units for the recorded values with annotations.
Sorts the events in a specified order.
Search for entries in the boston crime database by year.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version used for the request.
The unique identifier for the realtime API registration to be deleted.
The repository name or image reference to pull from a registry or import.
Specifies the data fields to include in the response, such as albums rated, purchased, or wishlisted by the user. Note that if the user has set ownership status or media type as private, those properties will not be included in the response.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for active group details.
The start time for the search query, specifying when the tweet count search should begin.
The unique identifier for the education further indication record to be deleted.
The name of the web job for which the history is being retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
Name of the virtual network gateway for which the VPN profile is being generated.
The pool state is set to deleting; any ongoing resize operation on the pool are stopped; the batch service starts resizing the pool to zero nodes; any tasks running on existing nodes are terminated and requeued (as if a resize pool operation had been requested with the default requeue option); finally, the pool is removed from the system.
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, enabling custom patterns like `users/*/operations`. This is achieved by specifying a custom binding in the service configuration, such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations`. For backward compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, but overriding allows more flexible and specific resource path definitions.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
Read all elements in a table named ftable. Read elements starting from index 5 in a table named ftable.
The name of the service associated with the submitted alert feedback.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the cluster whose settings are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the notebook will be copied.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the site.
An array of additional data fields to include in the response.
The userconsentrequest-id parameter is used to identify the specific consent request from the user.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Stops an ongoing resize operation on the pool without reverting to the previous state; the pool remains in its current state.
The timeout in seconds for the watch call.
The name of the deployment to be cleared of releases.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The custom data associated with the review, which can be updated by the review author.
The unique identifier for the discoverer being updated.
Name of the device for which backup schedule groups are to be retrieved.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in the response.
The maximum number of items to return in the response.
The name of the project associated with the VMware collector.
Whether to skip creating an initial version for the cryptokey.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The date and time of the last modification, used to filter teams that have been updated since this timestamp.
deleting a job also deletes all tasks that are part of that job, and all job statistics. this also overrides the retention period for task data ; that is, if the job contains tasks which are still retained on compute nodes, the batch services deletes those tasks'working directories and all their contents. when a delete job request is received, the batch service sets the job to the deleting state. all update operations on a job that is in deleting state will fail with
The label selector used to filter the collection of events to be deleted.
The field to sort the smart groups by.
The name of the hub for which the image upload URL is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the workweek configuration.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the secure score control profile to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the network watcher.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region to which the address belongs.
The name parameter represents the deployment slot for the app.
The version of the API being used.
The end date year for the ad hoc report.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieval from sites.
A unique identifier for the request made by the client.
The name of the load balancer.
Minimum longitude value to filter image entries.
The year for which team keys are to be retrieved.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating the data connection.
Creates an entry. Only entries of 'fileset' type or user-specified type can be created. Users should enable the Data Catalog API in the project identified by the `parent` parameter.
The resource name of the service account key, with the format projects/{project}/serviceAccounts/{account}/keys/{key}. The {account} value can be the email address or unique id of the service account.
The maximum number of results to return in a single call.
The name of the connection monitor to start.
The name of the resource group for which dashboards are being retrieved.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The unique identifier of the notebook to be deleted as a navigation property for users.
The unique identifier of the group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The start date for filtering resource allocations.
Maximum number of entries to return in the search results.
The unique identifier for the user whose license details navigation property needs to be updated.
The team key, which is a string identifier for the team.
Deletes the bridge connection and clears the session data stored locally.
unique identifier for the SMS command instance
The name of the resource group containing the container group.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests. for more information, see [specifying conditional headers for blob service operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/setting-and-getting-properties-and-metadata-for-blob-service-operations).
The account name associated with the collection and region for which metrics are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the application associated with the campaign.
The name of the resource group.
The parent resource name that identifies the location.
The unique identifier for the deploy key.
Specifies whether null values should be sorted last in the result set.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the insertion order.
The direction of the pre-receive hook, indicating whether it is applied in a specific context such as push or pull operations.
An array specifying the fields to include in the response.
Specifies whether to exclude analysis events from the partition event list.
Returns a paginated list of filters. Use this operation to get: - Specific filters by defining `id` only. - Filters that match all specified attributes (e.g., all filters for a user with a particular word in their name). When multiple attributes are specified, only filters matching all attributes are returned. This operation can be accessed anonymously.
Returns a single tree using the SHA1 value for that tree. If `truncated` is `true` in the response, the number of items in the `tree` array exceeded the maximum limit. To fetch more items, use the non-recursive method.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The partition key range ID used to filter the metrics.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The number of seconds before a node event times out.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property pages for groups.
The Google Cloud project ID.
list issues across owned and member repositories assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull
Indicates whether to display missing documents.
Specifies the OpenID Connect provider to be deleted from the API Management service instance.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property microsofttunnelservers in devicemanagement.
The unique identifier for the event.
The health information of the specified service, filtered by health state for events and partitions.
Specifies the timeout duration for the resize operation, after which any ongoing changes will be halted and the pool will retain its current state.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the group whose permissions are being listed.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval within the shares.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter 'view' is a string that specifies the level of detail to include in the response, such as basic or full details of the operation state.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The version of the API to use for the request.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the concept employee.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the event in the calendar.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the date and time after which the pool was last modified, used to filter results.
Specifies whether the event frames should be retrieved in parallel. When set to true, the retrieval process will be performed concurrently, which can improve performance when fetching multiple event frames.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'chats' is to be updated.
Returns all attachments from the system.
The name of the resource group containing the endpoint.
the unique identifier of the instance to which the disk will be attached
Limits the number of harvest activities returned in the response.
The version of the API used for the deployment.
The unique identifier for the account.
The unique identifier for the event being accepted.
The unique identifier for the district record to be retrieved.
The accept header value indicating the desired media type for the response, typically "application/pdf" to receive the journal entries as a PDF file.
The version of the API to use for the request.
get registered users from devices
The number of pricebooks to return per page.
Specifies the field selector for filtering the collection of nodes to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the backup.
An array of applications retrieved from the on-premises publishing profiles.
The name of the namespace for which authorization rules are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the server, used to generate the visual hash.
The unique identifier of the company.
The name of the network watcher.
Specifies the field to sort the members by.
The maximum number of entities to return.
The name of the resource group where the Redis cache is located.
Filter to apply when retrieving sections from sites.
protected branches are available in public repositories with github free and github free for organizations, and in public and private repositories with github pro, github team, github enterprise cloud, and github enterprise server.
Retrieve a single value extended property from users, where the result is returned as an array.
Enables user data integration for the instant playlist.
The unique identifier for the merge request diff version.
Retrieve the minor gridlines setting from the workbooks, typically used in chart or worksheet configurations to display additional horizontal or vertical lines for better data readability.
search criteria for heavy equipment inventory, including geo-location within a radius, year, make, model, and multiple combinations thereof, with support for filtering and pagination up to 5000 results
updates a stack as specified in the template. after the call completes successfully, the stack update starts. you can check the status of the stack via the describestacks action. to get a copy of the template for an existing stack, you can use the gettemplate action. for more
The unique identifier for the message to which the reply is being created.
Creates crash-consistent snapshots of multiple EBS volumes and stores the data in S3. Volumes are selected by specifying an instance, with each attached volume generating one crash-consistent snapshot across the instance. Boot volumes can be excluded by adjusting parameters. Supports multi-volume snapshots for instances in a region or on an outpost. Snapshots created from instances in a region must be stored in the same region as the instance.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
Maximum longitude value for filtering virtual group entries.
The name of the integration runtime to create or update.
Retrieve the title from the workbooks, where the expand parameter is an array.
The parameter 'driveitem - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify which item to perform the hex2bin action on.
The date when the quicktime video entry was created.
The unique identifier for the site from which sections are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for a large person group.
The value of the 'if-match' header used for conditional deletion of navigation property instances for groups.
Initiates a connection
The value of the if-match header to ensure the operation is performed only if the resource's ETag matches the provided value.
The geographical region where the subscription is located.
The unique identifier for a specific version of the application.
The unique identifier for the user whose single value extended properties are being retrieved.
The parent resource where the cutover operation will be performed.
Number of extensions to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The name of the project to accept, specified in the language.
Maximum height of the item's image.
A list of media entities associated with the tweets liked by the specified user ID.
The name of the resource group.
Returns suggested edits identified by the provided IDs. The input {ids} can include up to 100 semicolon-delimited IDs. To programmatically find valid IDs, refer to the `suggested_edit_id` field within `suggested_edit` objects. The accepted sort parameters operate on the following fields of the `suggested_edit` object:   - `creation`   - `creation_date`   - `approval`   - `approval_date`   - `rejection`   - `rejection_date`    Note: Only approved suggested edits are returned; unrejected or unapproved edits are excluded.
The parameter 'devicecustomattributeshellscript - id' is of type string and is used to identify the specific device custom attribute shell script.
The navigation property 'pages' in groups, which represents a collection of OneNote pages associated with a group.
The unique identifier for the group.
Number of results per page (max 100)
The unique identifier of the access package catalog associated with the navigation property accessPackageResourceScopes.
The unique identifier for the conversation within the group.
Specifies whether to include the count of resources in the response.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a section group.
The version of the API being used for fetching replication usages of the vault.
The name of the print server to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the client request.
parameter description: a string used to specify the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters
The search term used to filter results.
The workspace parameter specifies the workspace context for retrieving the image profile.
One or more of your egress-only internet gateways.
The Amazon Chime channel ARN to be deleted.
An array of fields used for filtering in the Zalando API.
The unique identifier for the drive item representing the workbook.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether uninitialized objects should be included in the result.
The region where the healthcheck resource will be created.
lists the names of the inline policies that are embedded in the specified IAM group.
The network endpoint group from which the network endpoint will be detached.
Ordering criteria for the assignments.
The name of the replication protected item for which recovery points are being listed.
A string parameter used as a callback function.
A token to specify the next page of results.
Filter to apply when retrieving scheduling groups from teams.
The parameter specifies the related resources or properties to include in the response, allowing for expanded data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier for the closed list entity to be deleted.
Number of items to skip in the result set.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the deleted secret.
The name of the account associated with the machine learning workspace.
The unique identifier for the user whose instances are being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the section group to be linked.
The unique identifier for the consumer in the Apideck system.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the review set query.
The unique identifier for the gist to be updated or deleted.
This procedure retrieves data for the CWA SNC/RNC history section within the three-year compliance status by quarter segment of the DFR. Valid compliance statuses include:   - S = SNC/Category I – An enforcement action has been issued, and the facility is not meeting its compliance schedule   - E = SNC/Category I – Effluent violations of monthly average limits (technical)
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the playlist.
Specifies whether to include a count of the total number of items in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group for which jobs are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version for which the policy configuration is retrieved.
The API version string to be validated.
The name of the virtual network gateway to be deleted.
filter criteria for the list of table types
The Google Cloud project ID.
The name of the resource group.
The date when the tweet was last changed.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
The name of the job agent.
Retrieves the detected malware state from the system.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
Number of instances to skip
The navigation property 'parentsection' in sites that corresponds to the onenotepage with the specified ID.
limits the number of inline policies returned in the response. if you don't specify a value for MaxItems, the response includes a maximum of 100 items.
The path to the storage location for the artifacts.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related sections or metadata.
Search parameter for entries of type committee donations in the database.
The healthcheckservice to be deleted.
The number of top sections to retrieve.
callback parameter is a string used to specify the function to be called upon completion of the procedure.
Filter to apply on the dimensions list, typically used to narrow down results by specific criteria.
The content type ID of the base reference from the drive.
The unique identifier for the customer account.
Returns cases associated with a variant when evidence is unselected.
The unique identifier for the employee.
The parameter p_name_type is a string used to specify the type of name being provided for case information retrieval.
The name of the model being updated.
The number of items to skip in the result set.
The name of the virtual network tap to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the education class associated with the navigation property group.
The parameter 'printservice - id' is a string that identifies the specific print service instance from which endpoints are to be retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The region for the bunq payment integration.
Excludes health statistics from the response.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the mail folder to be copied.
The version of the API being used.
Format for actions
The parameter describes a navigation property named 'connectedorganization' with an ID of type string, linked to the internalsponsors within identity governance.
The unique identifier for the multiplex to be stopped.
a search string to match user attributes   a project key to find users with permission to browse any issue in the project   an issue key to find users with permission to browse a specific issue   the starting index for the results (default is 0)   the maximum number of results to return (default is 50, max is 1000)
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
Specifies the media type for filtering the contribution list query.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group to delete.
The name of the resource group.
Indicates whether correlation lookup should be skipped.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the cluster.
The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the MWAA environment to which you want to associate the key-value tag pairs.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user whose multivalue extended properties are being retrieved.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property accesspackageresourceroles in identity governance.
The number of items to return in the response.
The name of the resource group where the NetApp account will be created or updated.
unique identifier for the user profile
modifies the specified spot fleet request. you can only modify a spot fleet request of type maintain. while the spot fleet request is being modified, it is in the modifying state. to scale up your spot fleet, increase its target capacity. the spot fleet launches the additional spot instances according to the allocation strategy for the spot fleet request. if the allocation strategy is lowestprice, the spot fleet launches instances using the spot instance pool with the lowest price. if the
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the container registry.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property subscriptions for a drive.
patches the specified targethttpproxy resource with the data included in the request using JSON merge patch format and processing rules
The page parameter specifies the page number for pagination, with an optional size parameter to define the number of items per page.
The navigation property assigned to task board format for the specified planner plan.
Specifies the details to include in the response for the network interface.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The type parameter specifies the category or format of the content to retrieve, such as episodes or clips.
Skips custom domain verification during app creation or update.
The maximum number of consumer groups to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the column definition to be deleted.
Indicates whether to delete dependent resources that are orphaned (not managed by any other resource).
The date when the entry was last modified.
Specifies the query identifier for the search parameters, with the responseset parameter used to define the page size.
The name of the virtual machine.
The session parameter specifies the identifier for the PowerShell session to be canceled.
The navigation property parentsectiongroup for the specified site is deleted.
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The authentication mode indicates the method of authentication, which can be either 'mediated' or 'direct'. In mediated mode, the Health Information Provider (HIP) or Health Information User (HIU) must send a relevant code (e.g., OTP/token) or demographic information through a subsequent API call to /auth.
The efficiency of deceleration, represented as a number.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property usagerights associated with devices.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
filter parameter to specify criteria for retrieving subtasks information
The unique identifier of the channel from which the moderator is to be removed.
A valid tax identification number (TIN) to be verified.
The API version for the load balancer frontend IP configuration.
filter parameter to get references of classes from education
The region associated with the bunq service.
The access token is used to communicate to the REST API that the bearer of the token has been authorized to access the API and perform specific actions specified by the scope granted during authorization. For API usage, the base64-encoded access token is typically passed as an HTTP Authorization header in the format `Authorization: Bearer <token>`. The `login` must be URL-encoded, and the host ID must have the prefix `host/`. For example, the host webserver would log in as `host/webserver`.
Indicates whether the project should be queued for training.
The last name of the user to filter by.
IP address of the PSU (Payment Service User) making the request.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The project identifier where the target HTTP proxy resource will be created.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to use for the integration with the virtual network.
The unique identifier for the webhook to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the content definition attribute to be updated.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return.
The category of the joke to be returned.
The unique identifier for the dimension value to be deleted from the financials navigation property.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be stopped.
The unique identifier for the user whose license is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the product associated with the license to be revoked.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the app role assignment.
The unique identifier for the event subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of transportation modes to filter the stoppoints by.
Orders the response by the specified field in ascending or descending order.
The name of the lab virtual machine to start.
The operating system information of the client.
Retrieves invoicing data for specified users; if no parameters are provided, no data is returned.
The unique identifier for the behavior.
A token for fetching the next page of results.
Order by criteria for sorting the sections.
The count parameter indicates whether to return the count of registered devices associated with the user.
The parameter describes a string identifier for the navigation property 'itemactivityold' related to workbooks, used to delete associated list items.
The unique identifier for the annotation layer.
Specifies the number of inventory sources to return per page.
The unique identifier for the programme to retrieve child episodes for.
lists database longrunning operations. a database operation has a name of the form `projects/{project}/instances/{instance}/databases/{database}/operations/{operation}`. the long-running operation metadata field type `metadata.type_url` describes the type of the metadata. operations returned include those
The unique identifier for the resource to retrieve remediations for.
The navigation property instances to be updated are associated with the current user (me), specifically for the event identified by the provided event ID.
token for specifying the next set of results when listing log streams
The name of the resource group that contains the environment to be stopped.
The expand query parameter specifies the resource properties to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the user whose device configuration states are being retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the cluster where the service fabric application resource is located.
The parameter describes the date associated with the task directories on the specified compute node.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the drive item (workbook) from which navigation property replies will be deleted.
The UTC timestamp indicating when the application event started.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the user initiating the reply all action.
The contenttype ID for the navigation property to column links in shares.
The unique identifier for the profile associated with the report.
The parameter describes a navigation property that links `devicemanagement` to `devicerunstates`, specifically identifying the `devicehealthscript` by its unique `id` of type `string`.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway connection is located.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving pictures from financials
Ordering criterion for the owned objects.
The unique identifier for the group from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The name of the route table to be deleted.
specifies the fields to be updated in the domain mapping
The date of the job schedule to be updated.
A unique identifier for the version of the application.
The unique identifier for the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) whose attribute is to be reset to its default value.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the API consumer.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The identifier for the administrative unit to which the navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the legal hold policy.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the environment to retrieve.
Indicates whether to include the total count of records in the response.
Creates a new navigation property reference to owners for the specified service principal, using the provided ID as the identifier.
Search query parameter for retrieving trending content.
The maximum number of log collection requests to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the customer-owned address pool from which allocations are described.
The unique identifier of the section.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving the list of subscriptions, used for pagination.
The longitude coordinate of the car's location.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property group related to compliance.
The number of top operations to retrieve.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB table to update the RU/s for.
The unique identifier for the referenced instance.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the frontend endpoint.
The name of the share to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Search query to filter multivalue extended properties from groups.
The name of the DDoS protection plan to be deleted.
An array of mood identifiers to filter tracks by. When specified multiple times, the API applies an OR condition between the values.
The region associated with the bunq API request.
The identifier for the matter or account to which the hold is applied.
Name of the seabird cnv data entry to search for.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The unique identifier for the error used to retrieve corresponding session logs.
The conversation ID to establish a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for groups.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The type of the resource to check for existence.
The ID of the section to be deleted.
The name of the worker pool for which metrics are being retrieved.
The ID of the parent section group to be updated for the user.
The unique identifier for the group lifecycle policy.
Filter the grouppolicycategories results based on the specified criteria.
The slot parameter specifies the scaled-out instance within the website where the thread information is to be retrieved.
The navigation property to resources for education with the specified ID.
The amount to be converted.
The parameter describes the version of the API used to delete the permission object from the application.
The unique identifier of the payroll period data record to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user whose attachments are to be retrieved.
The name of the container within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter description is: This method retrieves a paginated set of deal items. The result set contains all deal items associated with the specified search criteria and marketplace ID.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Label selector to filter volume attachments by label.
The unique identifier for the drive item to be protected.
The ETag value to match for conditional requests.
The current state of the data lifecycle policy.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the optimization criteria for path calculation, such as shortest distance or fastest time.
The parameter description is: Specifies the lease ID for the lease.
Specifies the token to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve section groups.
The unique identifier for the group associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The version of the API being used.
The API version for the request.
The number of results to return per page.
Retrieve a list of events associated with the user.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Description for deleting a function secret.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in identitygovernance that is being updated.
An array containing access package resources from the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the education class.
The unique identifier for the user whose mentions are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the logical server.
The name of the resource group to retrieve.
IP port of the PSU (Payment Service User)
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the related resources to be returned in the response.
Indicates whether the ticket data has been finalized in the system.
The unique identifier for the pool to which the account belongs.
The unique identifier for the attachment being tested.
The scope of the event subscription to be updated.
The name of the domain ownership identifier to create or update.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property format associated with workbooks.
Filter to retrieve specific exception occurrences from users.
A string representing the phone number for which the QR code image is to be generated.
finds movies and trailers similar to a given trailer
The name of the service instance to retrieve.
The navigation property 'parentsection' in the 'sites' resource that is being updated, identified by the specified 'onenotesection' ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API version to delete the policy configuration for.
The string representation of a trace span used in the Zap system for tracking and analyzing query execution.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the project to be unstarred.
A unique identifier for the request, which can be used to track the deletion operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of items retrieved from specified sites.
The unique identifier of the access package to be updated.
The type of vehicle to search for, such as sedan, SUV, or truck.
The unique identifier for the user to establish a navigation relationship with sections.
The name of the resource group.
List of related entities to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the user's profile.
The maximum number of records to return.
The unique identifier for the product to be approved.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
Specifies the ETag of the job schedule to ensure it has not been modified since the last retrieval.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with the current user.
The name of the deployment to validate.
The authorization token required to access the benefit or deduction details.
The number of instances to delete.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
name of the web service to create or update
The parameter describes an array of FIDO2 methods retrieved from the 'me' endpoint, expanded to include detailed information.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
The unique identifier for the video item.
Specifies the date and time after which the job was last modified, used to filter jobs that have been modified since that time.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
creates a new DB instance that acts as a read replica for an existing source DB instance. You can create a read replica for a DB instance running MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or SQL Server. For more information, see working with read replicas.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Returns the top 30 answers a user has posted in response to questions with the given tags. The { id } parameter can contain a single user ID, which can be found programmatically by looking for the user's _id in user or shallow_user objects. The { tags } parameter is limited to 5 tags; passing more will result in only the first 5 being considered.
The unique identifier of the build trigger to be updated.
Configuration details for the new convertible reserved instance to be created after the exchange.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the database account.
The navigation property parentnotebook in me
The name of the plugin to be disabled.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the application gateway.
Name of the test harness scenario to be updated.
Token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
Filter the windowsinformationprotectionwipeactions returned from the device app management endpoint based on specified criteria.
The name of the factory.
A string parameter used to specify the fields to be included in the product list response.
Specifies the field to sort the calendars by.
The namespace of the resource provider.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the identity provider to be updated.
The name of the filter set used to categorize or identify the reasons for lost bids in the auction.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The name of the resource group.
Filters the results based on a specified condition.
The API version used for creating or updating a record set within a DNS zone.
The parameter 'after' is a string used to specify the starting point for listing tasks, typically representing a timestamp or identifier to retrieve tasks that come after this value.
The name of the billing account associated with the invoice section.
Deletes the lifecycle configuration from the specified bucket.
The navigation property 'sectiongroup' associated with users is being deleted. The 'id' of the sectiongroup to be removed is provided as a string.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The parameter 'p_sv' is a string that specifies the search criteria for public water systems.
An array of sections to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for tracking in Zuora.
Indicates whether to skip DNS registration for the web app.
The navigation property columns in workbooks.
The unique identifier for the execution history.
The unique identifier of the person within the person group.
format of player details for free agents
The parameter 'appcollection' is a string that specifies the collection of devices whose tags are to be updated.
API key for authentication to access user data in the CRM system.
The pool state is set to deleting; any ongoing resize operation on the pool are stopped; the batch service starts resizing the pool to zero nodes; any tasks running on existing nodes are terminated and requeued (as if a resize pool operation had been requested with the default requeue option); finally, the pool
Specifies the field by which the report records should be ordered.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The page number for pagination.
The name of the resource group where the application insights web test definition is created or updated.
The unique identifier for the customer profile instance.
timeout in seconds to wait for the application upgrade to complete
The p_multimedia parameter is used to specify multimedia-related criteria or identifiers for filtering cases in the get_case_info service endpoint.
The name of the network security group to create or update.
The unique identifier for the base plan to be deactivated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The identifier for the site associated with the inventory items.
The unique identifier for the advertiser group.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for nested data retrieval.
Retrieve a list of attachments associated with the current user.
The page number for pagination, starting from 1.
The unique identifier of the single-value legacy extended property to be deleted.
The name of the connection monitor to be stopped.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the latitude coordinate for the center of the search area, used in conjunction with the longitude to define the geographic location for the query.
The Azure region where the virtual machine extension image version is located.
timeout in seconds for the operation
Search query parameter to filter role management policy assignments by policies.
The name of the workspace to retrieve the compute definition for.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Auto-complete the inputs for end users by suggesting relevant values based on their input.
The unique identifier for the deployment group.
The unique identifier for the on-demand credential.
The resource name of the saved report to retrieve.
Retrieve previous recommendations for a specific application, with an optional filter based on a defined time range.
This operation is only available if you have invoice settlement enabled. The invoice settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes unapplied payments, credit and debit memo, and invoice item settlement. If you want to enable invoice settlement, see [invoice].
The name of the express route circuit to retrieve information for.
The name of the virtual router from which the peering will be deleted.
The unique identifier of the section to be deleted from the user's notebook.
The unique identifier of the event.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
count all leads from the system
The name of the storage sync service.
The name of the assembly artifact.
The unique identifier for the member.
lists operations that match the specified filter in the request. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns ` unimplemented `. note : the ` name ` binding allows api services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as ` users / * / operations `. to override the binding, api services can add a binding such as ` " / v1 / { name = users / * } / operations " ` to their service configuration. for backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the group from which extensions are to be retrieved.
The deployment script name for which logs are to be retrieved.
list all contacts that are not part of any contact group, typically auto-created from interactions; sync tokens expire after 7 days post-full sync, and requests with expired tokens will result in an error containing [google.rpc.ErrorInfo]
Unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a list of events associated with groups.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The unique identifier for the room.
The unique identifier for the diagnostic.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be cleaned.
filter string parameter to narrow down the securescores results
provisions a service fabric application type with the cluster. the provision is required before any new applications can be instantiated. the provision operation can be performed either on the application package specified by the relativepathinimagestore, or by using the uri of the external '. sfpk
Number of attachments to skip for pagination purposes.
The marketplacetechnicalcode parameter is used to retrieve the harvest and change history of an order, though it is deprecated and should no longer be used.
expands the response to include additional details about the application fee, such as related charges and refunds
The unique identifier of the calendar group to delete the navigation property multivalue extended properties for.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the document to which tabs will be added.
provisions a service instance. if `request.accepts_incomplete` is false and broker cannot execute request synchronously, HTTP 422 error will be returned along with failed_precondition status. if `request.accepts_incomplete` is true and the broker decides to execute the resource asynchronously, HTTP 202 response code will be returned and a valid polling operation in the response will be included. if the broker executes the request synchronously and it succeeds, HTTP 201 response will be returned.
The name of the resource group.
The number of agents in the system.
The file format suffix used for displaying entries of type czo.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the server for which the firewall rule is to be deleted.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for filtering errors
MAC address of the neighboring device connected to the port.
The position at which the query for quantitative trait loci (QTL) data should stop, specified as an integer.
get parentnotebook from users
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify which related resources should be included in the response. It accepts an array of strings representing the fields or relationships to expand.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a list item version in workbooks, used to update navigation property fields.
The unique identifier for the action.
The number of top sections to retrieve.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
Start index for listing server blocks
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the workbook table column.
The unique identifier for the site from which sections are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the selected AdSense account.
page number to retrieve
search query to find pages within groups
The authorization tag extracted from the cis instruction.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
The requested alert information.
The maximum number of calendar permissions to retrieve.
The API version for updating virtual network tap tags.
The version of the API being used.
The identifier used to match and delete the reference of the navigation property 'chat' for users.
The parameter description is: The name of the network edge security service to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
The maximum number of validating webhook configurations to delete.
search criteria for filtering active OEM incentives based on geo-location, year, make, model, or combinations thereof; supports pagination up to 10,000 results
The navigation property sections in me
Filter sim cards by the provided tags.
The unique identifier for the reservation to be deleted.
The name of the resource group where the deployment will be created.
An array of fields to include in the response, allowing for expanded data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The maximum number of collaborators to return.
Sort order for pre-receive hooks.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the migration job.
Indicates whether the media item is related to syndicated content.
Ordering criteria for the instances retrieved from me.
The unique identifier for the event being forwarded.
number of person records to return per page
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The name of the resource to be created or updated.
timeout seconds for the delete operation
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property buckettaskboardformat is to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The zone in which the instance is located.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials navigation property.
The name of the resource group where the container service is located.
token for the page to be returned
The secret key used for authentication to retrieve the classifier status.
The username of the specific team member to be listed.
The unique identifier for the list item version in the workbook.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version used for retrieving the authorization rule.
Specifies the field by which to sort the list of files for a user profile.
The ID of the planner bucket associated with the progress task board format for users.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the number of collaborators to return per page.
The name of the workspace where the event data is being posted.
A string parameter used to specify the slice to query within the dataset.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of identity provider configurations.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual WAN.
The end date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The image or image URL to be analyzed for labeled recognition.
Maximum latitude value for the search query.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The maximum time allowed for the task to complete before it is considered failed.
lists all of the pools in the specified account
describes the distance and time for the shortest or fastest routes between specified origin and destination points, with a limit of 100 total origin-destination pairs to prevent timeout.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of transforms to return in the response.
creates an EBS volume that can be attached to an instance in the same availability zone. you can create a new empty volume or restore a volume from an EBS snapshot. any Amazon Web Services Marketplace product codes from the snapshot are propagated to the volume. you can create encrypted volumes. encrypted volumes must be attached to instances that support Amazon EBS encryption. volumes that are created from encrypted snapshots are also automatically encrypted.
The ID of the container that owns the trigger.
The API version for the identity provider configuration.
The unique identifier for the network.
filter parameter to narrow down the list of views retrieved from the data lake analytics catalog
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Specifies the maximum number of campaigns to return in a single response.
Maximum height for the HLS live stream.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The parameter describes the expansion of token issuance policies, specifying additional details to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the group for which navigation property extensions are to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The number of role definitions to retrieve from the role management system.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Authorization token for accessing the wage details.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
Number of records to skip for the result set
Ordering criteria for the contacts list.
The name of the instance to which the access config is being updated.
The count of all rate plans in the hotel that match the specified filter criteria.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be deleted.
The availability zone where the instance is located.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The continuation token for retrieving the next segment of chaos events.
The unique identifier for the relation to be deleted from the term store's navigation property.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment request.
The date when the netcdf point file entry was last modified.
The name of the module to identify the fields.
The unique identifier for the contact folder.
Specifies whether to match the current state of the pool, effectively halting any ongoing or future resize operations without reverting to a prior state.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property is being assigned.
The unique identifier of the credit memo to be canceled.
The parameter 'agentnum' is an integer used to identify the agent for retrieving server time.
The Google Cloud project ID for which the forwarding rule resources are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
The unique identifier for the virtual machine instance within the scale set.
The unique identifier for the task file.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
list of creative field IDs to filter the creatives
The number of record sets to return.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'device' is to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the tenant access information.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
An array of fields to include in the response, specifying additional data to be retrieved for each group photo.
The unique identifier of the section to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the profile.
The name of the workflow to retrieve run actions for.
The default patching schedule for a Redis cache, which is only applicable to caches with a premium SKU.
The name of the firewall rule to be deleted.
The name of the availability set.
Specifies the starting position in ticks for playing an item.
The version of the API being used.
update an existing entity object and initiate verification by sending a message to a mobile number, triggering a process where the entity receives a link to complete ID capture via OCR, selfie comparison, and data verification, with a notification sent back upon completion; minimum required fields include name and mobile phone document type; optional skip of initial details to proceed directly to verification steps.
Retrieves analytics data for the specified drive item by its ID.
Number of extensions to skip
This operation is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.
The name of the stream to be updated.
The version parameter specifies the API version to be used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group from which to retrieve accepted senders.
The name of the sync group to be restored.
The maximum number of tracks to return.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The deployment slot for the application settings.
The name of the resource group where the app service environment is located.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the attribute category for which the security entry is to be retrieved.
Usage limit identifier, cluster identifier, and feature type to filter the results.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the user whose calendar groups are to be updated.
The $filter parameter is optional and allows you to filter the list of policy assignments based on specific criteria. Valid values for $filter include: - `atScope()`: Returns only policy assignments that are directly applied to the resource group (not inherited from parent scopes). - `policyDefinitionId eq '{value}'`: Returns policy assignments that are associated with a specific policy definition ID, where '{value}' is the actual ID of the policy definition.  If $filter is not provided, the response includes all policy assignments associated with the resource group, including those applied directly, inherited from containing scopes, and those applied to resources within the resource group.
Retrieve an array of payment terms from the financials system.
Number of replies to retrieve from workbooks.
The label selector used to filter persistent volume claims for deletion.
The unique identifier for the access package resource environment scope.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
The unique identifier of the age-based leave record to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT hub.
The Azure region where the event subscriptions are located.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property parentnotebook for users.
The parent feature to which the new feature will be added.
The name of the architecture associated with the artifact.
Retrieve multiple extended properties from the current user's context.
The unique identifier for the domain record to be updated.
Retrieve the security baseline states associated with the current user.
The unique identifier for the connection operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a list of awards associated with the user.
Specifies the number of records to retrieve per page in the query result.
The parent identifier for the new subscription.
The unique identifier of the education class associated with the navigation property group.
Queries policy states for the specified resource.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Indicates whether to return the client request ID in the response.
A selector to restrict the list of returned objects by their fields. Defaults to everything.
The unique identifier for the list item.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the transaction node.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The format parameter specifies the desired format of the verification code, such as numeric, alphanumeric, or custom.
Filter to apply when exporting applicable advisories for all systems.
The duration in seconds after which the backup operation times out.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the item list to be updated.
Filter products by the invoice section name.
The version of the API being used.
The API version to be used for the request.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machines.
The number of top columns to retrieve from the sites.
The maximum number of tags to retrieve.
The array of tabs to be expanded in the response.
The unique identifier for the product rate plan charge.
The API version to use for the request.
The page number for the list of comments.
list of placement groups, possibly filtered, supports paging
The availability zone where the instance is located.
The unique identifier for the device management configuration category to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the service fabric application.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Text to search for entries of type police stop data
The name of the registration field used to identify products.
The unique identifier of the group to update.
The expand parameter specifies additional details or related resources to include in the response.
Deletes the navigation property title for the specified workbook by its ID.
Specifies the field by which the download requests should be sorted.
The unique identifier used by Zuora to track the refund transaction.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieved from users.
name: labname   type: string   description: The name of the lab to list artifacts from.
The end time for executing the detector.
Search query string for filtering mobile threat defense connectors.
The name of the workflow trigger.
Specifies the mode of transportation for the route calculation, such as driving, walking, or cycling.
The unique identifier for the group.
The maximum number of restricted sign-ins to retrieve from the audit logs.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A string query to retrieve a list of featured song lists.
exact similarity search
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the product.
The navigation property accesspackageassignments in identitygovernance that is being updated.
Navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
Updates a managed instance group using the specified information in the request. The operation is marked as complete when the group is patched, even if the instances within the group are still being patched. Individual instance statuses must be verified separately using the listManagedInstances method.
List of taxa associated with the phenotype.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the shopper, used to retrieve their purchase history for generating alternate domain name suggestions.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The version of the API being used for creating or updating a blueprint assignment.
The name of the resource group.
Indicates the usage of insight by ID.
The unique identifier for the form.
The navigation property fields in sites that are being updated, specifically for the list item version with the given ID.
The name of the resource group.
Transforms a textual address into geographic coordinates (latitude, longitude), or vice versa.
The name of the resource group containing the application gateway.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The unique identifier for the source to be updated.
The parameter describes the version of the API to be used for deleting the specified RTI transaction.
The format of the date for the news.
the action to be performed on the order, such as "cancel", "ship", or "update-status"
The name of the resource group.
The identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The date when the taxonomic entry was last changed.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the network security group.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the operation.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier for the customer support service in the Apideck system.
The API version for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Indicates whether the connector includes organization information.
The name of the integration account.
The unique identifier for the community to which participants will be added.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Adds one or more tags to an IAM server certificate. If a tag with the same key name already exists, it is overwritten with the new value. For certificates in a region supported by Certificate Manager (ACM), it is recommended to use ACM instead of IAM server certificates for provisioning, managing, and deploying server certificates.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query string to filter access package resource scopes.
The name parameter represents the name of the resource group.
The name of the service associated with the product being updated.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the invoice item in Zuora.
The name of the network security group to update.
The file suffix used to identify boulder council email entries.
The name of the resource group where the local network gateway will be created or updated.
The number of seconds to wait before forcibly terminating the volume attachment.
The API version to use for the request.
Duration in seconds for capturing network packets for the site.
Start date for filtering email platform usage data (format: YYYY-MM-DD)
Number of records to skip for the current result set
The unique identifier of the event frame.
The unique identifier for the organization whose members are to be listed.
The name parameter specifies the name of the database from which to retrieve the table statistics.
The position where the image will be added within the product's image list.
The name of the resource, typically representing the version associated with the secret value, that identifies the secret value resource to be deleted. Deletion will fail if the specified value is in use.
Retrieve a list of operations associated with groups.
Authorization token for accessing the education details.
Specifies whether the response should include partial success results.
The page number for pagination.
The extension identifier associated with the user.
The unique identifier for the shared insight.
Creates a new navigation property to submissions for the education assignment identified by the specified ID.
The API version to be used for the request.
A `documenthtmldefinition` object that holds the responsive HTML conversion settings for the document.
The name of the server TLS policy to be deleted.
The accept parameter is used to specify the acceptance criteria or status for the employment templates being retrieved.
The geographical location of the resource.
Retrieve an array of instances associated with the current user.
The name of the resource group for which log search rules are to be listed.
The maximum y-coordinate value used for filtering or positioning facilities or clusters.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used for the get domain service operation.
Watch for changes to the priorityclass collection, returning a stream of events.
searches for resources in the given fhir store according to criteria specified as query parameters
unique identifier for the report
The unique identifier for the employment record.
The unique identifier of the calendar to delete the navigation property multivalue extended properties for.
The name of the service for which subscriptions are being listed.
The name of the CDN endpoint to be created.
Minimum longitude value for filtering YouTube video entries.
The navigation property instances for the calendar with the specified ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the device health script.
A unique identifier generated by the client to ensure idempotency of the request.
The file path of the compute node to retrieve content from.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to specify which page's media content should be updated within the navigation property of a user.
The unique identifier for the holiday scheme.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial picture is being retrieved.
The API version string to be used for accessing balances data.
The unique identifier for the process to retrieve information about.
The file path for which the editorconfig definitions are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the release asset to be edited.
The name of the outbound rule for the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the absence contact history record.
Number of items to retrieve from shares.
The identifier for the access package resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the call.
The parameter describes the version of the API for which tags are being listed.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the payor whose fundings are being retrieved.
number of results per page
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the conversation thread.
The version of the API being used for the deletion of the appliance definition.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The number of results to return per page (max 100).
Filter the microsoftAuthenticatorMethods retrieved from the user's profile based on specified criteria.
The version of the API being used.
The policy module is either created if it does not exist or replaced if it already exists. If the policy module is not correctly defined, a bad request (400) response is returned.
The employer ID used to retrieve a token for accessing the Data New Business (DNB) API, which provides data-driven insights like salary checks.
list of change logs with support for paging
The parameter 'planid' is a string that represents the identifier for a specific plan.
The version of the API being used.
get extensions from me
The name of the route filter to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the targeted managed app policy assignment.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The name of the resource group to which the volume belongs.
The IAM role that is associated with the ACM certificate, enabling its use by the ACM for Nitro Enclaves applications within an enclave.
The unique identifier for the event.
The maximum time in seconds to wait for the scheduling state to change.
name of the application resource to be created or updated
The unique identifier for the user whose vendor earnings are being retrieved.
text to search for entries of type owl ontology
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
Resolves the organization's WLAN derived status.
The output parameter description is: A string representing the name of the watershed corresponding to the provided WBD code and watershed level.
Filter to apply to the exception occurrences, typically used to narrow down results based on specific criteria such as status, type, or time range.
The unique identifier for the administrative unit.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the organization associated with the app.
The unique identifier for the booking business entity to be canceled.
Filter criteria for retrieving sales credit memos from financials.
The Google Cloud project ID where the Cloud SQL instance is located.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
page number of results to return (1-indexed)
used to manage text notes
The minimum number of segments to keep in the playlist.
The name of the service associated with the tag.
Retrieve detailed information about a specific Zoom Chat channel.
The navigation property accesspackage in identitygovernance that needs to be updated.
Specifies caching behavior for the response.
The name of the virtual network to retrieve.
Filter criteria for retrieving payroll runs by payroll administration ID.
The maximum time in seconds to wait for the service replica restart operation to complete.
Specifies the field to order the streaming locators by.
The number of seconds to wait before pinging the NFL API.
Sorts the results by cycle or candidate election year, placing null values last.
The name of the resource group where the app will be created or updated.
Specifies the navigation properties to expand in the response.
Indicates whether to delete an empty server farm associated with the app.
The name of the storage account to be deleted.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The API version used to retrieve the metrics for the specified database account and database.
The name of the workflow to be reset.
The topic identifier to which messages will be added.
The number of items to return per page.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group where the app service plan is located.
The Azure AD resource identifier for which the token is requested.
filter parameter to specify the pages to retrieve from the user's data
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The unique identifier of the section to be deleted.
The zone to be deleted.
The WBD code corresponding to the provided watershed name and level.
Search criteria for filtering RMA data; optional page size parameter to limit results per page.
The maximum number of spam reports to return.
The latitude coordinate of the merchant's location.
Specifies whether to include associations to models of the disease that are constrained by a specific taxon.
The authentication token (password) used for Redis replication group.
The `bounding_poly` field is optional. If not specified, the system will attempt to detect regions of interest in the image that are compatible with the product category on the parent product. If specified, detection is skipped. The system converts polygons into non-rotated rectangles.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
The API version used for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the navigation property names to be deleted, matching the provided condition.
The unique identifier for the pool that must have auto scaling enabled to evaluate the formula.
The API version for the request.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the unifiedRBACResourceAction resource.
The unique identifier for the request.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification of the compute node file, used to check if the file has been modified since a certain point in time.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
Array of columns to be retrieved from the sites data.
The unique identifier for the job.
retrieves invoices for a specified account. invoices are returned in reverse chronological order by updateddate. for a use case of this operation, see [view invoices](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the self-hosted runner group.
The ID of the list item associated with the drive item.
Specifies the task to be terminated, matching the provided identifier.
Search query string to find transitivemembers from groups
The search term used to filter divisions.
Identifies an asset property by specifying either the asset ID and property ID, or a property alias that represents a data stream alias.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart point.
Specifies the sorting order for the events in the page.
Retrieve the format from the workbooks as an array.
The unique identifier for the set in the term store.
The project identifier for retrieving manifest information.
reports health state of the specified service fabric replica. the report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported. the report is sent to a service fabric gateway replica, which forwards to the health store. the report may be accepted by the gateway, but rejected by the health store after extra validation. for example, the health store may reject the report because of an invalid parameter, like a stale sequence number. to see whether the report
The scope parameter should reference the parent resource of a deleted resource when updating the alert state. For example, if the virtual machine 'vm1' is deleted, use the parent resource (such as the resource group or another containing resource) as the scope instead of the deleted VM.
The unique identifier for a user content definition.
Specifies whether to gracefully stop and clean up the operation (false) or abort the command, potentially leaving internal state behind (true). Use with caution when set to true.
The maximum number of results to return in a single page.
The name of the route filter to retrieve.
The name of the resource group containing the public IP prefixes.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related sections or metadata.
The maximum number of apiconfigs to return.
The unique identifier for the list.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to instances for groups.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
Returns a boolean indicating the count of single value extended properties for users.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage specific API requests.
count all tasks from the system
The name of the topic type for which event types are being listed.
offset: The starting point for retrieving the historical gateways list.
The API version used to list all budgets for the defined scope.
A token used to continue retrieving partitions in cases where the result set is too large to return in a single response.
Specifies the date for the operation, typically used to filter or reference specific application and version data available for compute nodes.
The name of the disk to be detached.
The unique identifier for the user experience analytics application health application performance record.
The API version identifier for the endpoint.
The number of draft receipts to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
request one or more `profile` level authorization tokens each with a chosen scope. tokens are used to access restricted service endpoints. these restricted endpoints will require a specific token type (e.g., profile) with a specific scope (e.g., catalog) before
Number of records to skip for pagination purposes.
The version of the API being used to retrieve extended information about the job.
filter parameter to get extensions from users
The version of the database engine.
The unique identifier for the user whose pages are being retrieved.
Filters the list of backup policies based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Destination location as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
list of agents research information for a character
The unique identifier for the group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property roleManagementPolicies associated with policies.
Specifies the number of items to return in a result set.
The unique identifier for the case used to update navigation property queries in compliance.
The name of the resource to be reprotected or reverse replicated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for this request.
filters the collection of health events reported on the partition based on the health state of replicas
The name of the notification hub for which the authorization rule is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for a school district in the database.
The unique identifier for the device.
The version of the API used for remote login to a compute node.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the proposal whose notes are to be retrieved.
The starting index from which to retrieve the playlist items.
The authorization token used to authenticate the request and access the user filter settings for the current user associated with the specified employer.
Retrieve role assignments associated with governance resources.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The referer parameter specifies the source or origin from which the request is made, typically used for tracking or access control purposes.
Enables subtitles in the manifest for the HLS live stream.
Filter to retrieve specific content types from shares.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
The unique identifier for the profile.
Search for video clips of celebrities, newsmakers, and events using an API key and access token. Specify desired response fields via the "fields" parameter. Anonymous searches (without access token) return public results similar to searching on GettyImages.com. For authenticated users, ensure proper credentials are provided.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The last name of the patient or user associated with the appointment.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the post from which attachments are to be retrieved.
The name of the deployment to be canceled.
A list of canonical SMILES strings representing chemical compounds.
The unique identifier for the product or service tier.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property pages are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the group policy presentation to be deleted.
Specifies whether to run the operation without making any changes.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope in the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The version of the API being used.
name: name of the ruleset to filter by (optional)
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
A string representing the synchronization token used to retrieve a list of labels.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the server hosting the sync agent.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT Central applications.
The unique identifier for the subcontractor.
The pool state is set to deleting; any ongoing resize operation on the pool are stopped; the batch service starts resizing the pool to zero nodes; any tasks running on existing nodes are terminated and requeued (as if a resize pool operation had been requested with the default requeue option); finally, the pool is removed from the system.
The end date and time for filtering archived print jobs.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The maximum number of apiconfigs to return.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
The version of the API being used.
An array of values that represent the heading information to be retrieved.
An array of fields to be included in the folder creation request.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the cursor used to get the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the compute pool.
The version of the API being used.
The parent parameter specifies the parent of the new scan configuration.
The project identifier for the instance.
The path to the device associated with the express route cross connection.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used for the Android MAM policy.
The unique identifier of the attribute category in the asset database.
Indicates whether Twilio webhook is enabled for the conversation user.
The unique identifier for the payment schedule.
The time period for which email app usage app user counts are being requested.
The number of device statuses to return.
The name of the workspace for which details are to be retrieved.
Number of models in the specified time range.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The ETag of the API to update.
The unique identifier for the job associated with the task being deleted.
The resource parameter specifies the disk to which labels will be applied.
The $select parameter specifies the list of properties to include in the response. It allows clients to request only specific fields from the job preparation and job release task status, reducing the amount of data transferred.
Name of the replicated protected item for which failover is to be initiated.
Specifies the maximum number of rows to return in the report response.
The name of the resource group that contains the analysis services server instance.
The unique identifier of the access package resource role to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the user.
Number of items to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the resource involved in the cleanup operation for a test failover of a replication protected item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the offering containing the assessment to be updated.
The timeout value in milliseconds for the task, returned as an empty collection if the task is not a multi-instance task.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
The type of dealer to filter the results by.
The name of the container service to be deleted.
information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported
The name of the network security rule to be deleted.
The entity state (etag) version of the diagnostic for the API identified by the provided identifier.
The name parameter is a string used to filter dealers based on the provided value.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the ipgroups resource to update.
Specifies the ETag of the job schedule to ensure that the update is only applied if the current ETag matches the provided value. If the ETag does not match, the update will fail.
The name of the email template to reset to the default template provided by the API management service instance.
Specifies the starting point for the list of results, used for pagination.
Specifies the maximum number of streams to return in the response.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier of the global network.
The entity state (etag) version of the diagnostic for the API identified by the servicename.
Indicates whether the event frames are acknowledged.
The unique identifier for the alliance.
A list of tags associated with the API management service instance.
The lowest (older) version of the current and target cluster runtime versions during a cluster upgrade.
A string used to filter the list of capools.
Search query to retrieve single value extended properties from the current user.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Redshift cluster for which logging information will be stopped.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with the current user.
Ordering field for the extensions list.
Specifies whether to copy the folder in its raw form.
The page number for the schedules listing.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
Specifies the language preference for the response.
The digest parameter is used to provide a cryptographic hash of the request data, ensuring data integrity and authenticity. It is typically included in the request header when using extended services, allowing the ASPSP to verify that the request has not been tampered with during transmission.
The project on which permissions are being checked.
The unique identifier for the project to be updated.
The geographical location for which the virtual machine image versions are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the cloud storage service being used.
The unique identifier for the GTM variable.
Specifies the pagination token used to retrieve the next page of results.
The parameter 'devicecustomattributeshellscript' is a string used to specify a custom shell script for device attribute operations.
The name of the virtual network to be deleted from the app or deployment slot.
Number of entities to skip.
The unique identifier for the recipient to whom one or more tabs will be added.
field name to get a list of all values for the field.   field name and field value to get a list of values containing the text in field value.   field name and predicate name to get a list of all predicate values for the field.   field name, predicate name, and predicate value to get a list
The path to the artifact content.
The unique identifier for the event to retrieve.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of service resources
The unique identifier used to check for the existence of an xref in the database.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
retrieves the structure of a single signature with a known signature name. the userid specified in the endpoint must match the authenticated user's user id and the user must be a member of the account. the ` signatureid ` parameter accepts a signature id or a signature name. docusign recommends you use signature id ( ` signatureid ` ),
The exact match datastore ID used to retrieve sessions from the data classification system.
paginated list of programmes by pid (brand, series, episode and clip) with various filters and sorting methods
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the managed application to be deleted.
list all dashboard owners
The unique identifier for the member whose cards are to be retrieved.
The name of the database to retrieve credentials for.
The API version to use for the upgrade operation.
The unique identifier for the targeting template.
The name of the authorization server instance to be deleted.
Retrieve the terms of use from the identity governance system.
The name of the certificate authority to restore.
Maximum number of machine types to return.
Lists all Channel 4 programmes associated with the specified category (tag). By default, the programmes are listed in order of transmission (tx) date, with the most recently transmitted programmes listed first.
Unique identifier for the service fabric application that requires periodic backup.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a sales quote navigation property item in financials data.
The API version of the alert history endpoint.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property mentions are to be deleted.
The scope of the role assignment.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the streaming job that contains the function to be updated.
The unique identifier for the channel within the teams app.
unique identifier for the request
Unique identifier for the vehicle model.
Specifies the properties to include in the response, allowing for deeper retrieval of related data.
The unique identifier for the task to which an owner will be added.
The unique identifier for the Windows AutoPilot deployment profile.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
create room rescue key pair and preserve copy of old private key
p_fn is a string parameter used to specify the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters.
create and manage a lease to restrict write and delete access to the path. this operation supports conditional http requests. for more information, see [ specifying conditional headers for blob service operations ] ( https : / / docs. microsoft. com / en - us / rest
The identifier used to verify the association between a logger entity and a diagnostics entity.
The parameter that determines the action to take on currently running tasks when a job is being disabled.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of sectiongroups to retrieve.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
Specifies the number of results to skip for pagination purposes.
The Google Cloud project ID that contains the Cloud SQL instance.
The BGP peer identifier.
The unique identifier for the list item.
sort parameter to determine the order of cities in the result (e.g., ascending or descending)
Enables the native integration for custom entity items between API and CRM.
The name of the load balancer to be deleted.
The start time of the timeframe during which messages were ingested.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the express route circuit.
Indicates whether withdrawn questions should be included in the returned list.
The zone for which the list of network endpoint groups is retrieved.
indicates whether to perform a dry run of the request without actually applying changes
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the resource group for which policy assignments are retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.
Indicates whether to include URLs in the search results.
The unique identifier for the single-value legacy extended property.
Specifies the field to sort the operations by.
The number of DICOM stores to return in the response.
lists all channel 4od programmes associated with the specified category (tag)
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Filter criteria for retrieving online meetings.
Controls caching behavior for automatic payment auto-allocated settings.
The developer token used for authentication to clear the trigger handler.
Specifies the maximum number of packetmirrorings to return in the response.
maximum amount of vitamin B3 allowed in the recipe search results
The name of the diagnostic settings to be deleted.
The category of the element attribute to retrieve.
Returns a boolean indicating the count of single value extended properties for the current user.
returns the file key for the current user (if available)
The ID of the tracking category to filter the profit and loss report.
The name of the resource group where the public IP address is located.
Retrieve an array of messages from the specified teams.
The API version to be used for the request.
The resource to which the access control policy is being applied.
The name of the workspace for which authorization keys are being listed.
The end date for the search query, specified as a string in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
The name of the manager whose power state is to be changed.
The unique identifier for the route to retrieve disruptions for.
The unique identifier for the person group to be trained.
The unique identifier for the load balancer type.
Specifies the radius for the query search, defining the geographical extent around a location.
Specifies a binary string value using a string starting with \x followed by pairs of hexadecimal digits. Also assigns SNMP PDU action scripts for get and set requests on a MIB object. The instance parameter must be 0. Enables script execution: 'g' runs a Tcl script on get/getnext requests (must exist in the simulation directory), 's' runs a script on set requests (must also exist in the simulation directory).
The parameter describes the expansion of related data for the parent section group, typically used to include additional nested information in the response.
The version of the API being used.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the configuration whose revisions are to be retrieved.
The version of the API to use for this request.
An array of files retrieved from agreements.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The name of the virtual hub for which the virtual network connections details are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API version used for granting access to a disk.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The unique identifier for the printer from which the share is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the project in which the urlmap resource is located.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart series.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter 'group' is a string that specifies the metadata field type to search for.
reverts the configuration of an app to a previous snapshot
retrieves an aggregated list of all operations
The user who made the contribution.
A selector to filter the EndpointSlices by labels.
The unique identifier for the subscription that needs to be transitioned from a stopped state to an active state.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
An array of fields to use for faceting the results.
Retrieve a list of notes associated with users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the team to which the swap shift change request is associated.
The description of the tag within the scope of the API.
The unique identifier for the comment.
The navigation property calendar associated with the user, identified by a unique string ID.
The name of the existing Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Returns a list of users that match the search string and property. The operation retrieves users within the range specified by `startAt` and `maxResults`, up to the thousandth user, and then filters to return only those matching the search criteria. As a result, the actual number of returned users may be less than `maxResults`. To retrieve all matching users, use the [Get All Users] endpoint.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Auto-completes the input suggestions for the user's city entries.
number of people to return per page
page number for pagination
The unique identifier of the single-value legacy extended property to be deleted.
A comma-separated list of country IDs to exclude from the results.
The page number for pagination.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the operation whose status is being queried.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the action to be performed, which is restricted to administrative users only.
Maximum latitude value for filtering property database entries.
The sort order for the forks list.
The version of the API for which the policy definition is being created or updated.
The name of the lab to be created or replaced.
The name of the application gateway to create or update.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for aggregating project data
The version of the API to use for the request.
The network for which to retrieve the effective firewalls.
Specifies whether the search should match the exact value.
Specifies the number of entities to skip in the result set.
The name of the load balancer for which the frontend IP configuration is being retrieved.
Specifies additional nested objects to include in the response.
The version number of the WMTS standard being implemented, which is 1.0.0 in this case.
Lists the registrants for a specific on-demand cloud recording.
The parameter description is: This parameter specifies the domain name for which identity resolution is enabled. It is required to use this API and must be set to a valid domain that has identity resolution configured with matching enabled.
The unique identifier of the group for which to delete navigation property extensions.
A valid autoscale formula must be specified if automatic scaling is disabled. If already enabled, a new autoscale formula and/or other parameters may be provided.
An array of committee identifiers used to filter or query campaign finance data related to specific committees in the e-filing system.
The name of the policy assignment.
The format of the recipe output, specifying how the recipe data should be structured or presented.
Number of results per page
The name of the resource group associated with the database recommended action.
API key for authentication
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property listitem associated with shares.
Number of members to retrieve, with a maximum limit.
The unique identifier for the application whose navigation property templates are to be deleted.
retrieve IM chat sessions for a specified period of time
An array of format configurations for workbooks, specifying how data and layout should be structured or displayed.
The unique identifier of the subscription to be deleted.
The ID of the site extension to be removed.
The identifier of the section groups to be deleted.
The name of the Front Door service.
The path of the parent resource for which permissions are being retrieved.
The number of subscriptions.
The API version to be used for the request.
The name of the resource group for which the current network topology is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the drive item representing the workbook.
The unique identifier for the email message that triggered the bounce. This parameter is required to generate and send a bounce message to the sender of an email received through Amazon SES.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The API version to use for the request.
The navigation property sections in me
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the instance.
Indicates whether the age-based leave request is accepted or rejected.
The unique identifier for the targeted managed app configuration.
Specifies whether uninitialized objects should be included in the deletion process.
The version of the API being used.
The parent identifier used to filter the list of jobs.
The week of the player's game statistics.
The date of the OCP job schedule.
The unique identifier for the event to be linked as a navigation property in extensions.
The unique identifier for the user application install status.
A string used to specify the starting point for the next set of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the pull request review.
Number of top sections to retrieve.
The version of the API to be deleted.
The name of the subnet to be created or updated.
Order by the specified property to sort the results.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether to include the count of entities in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the reward earning fulfillment record.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the code review.
The name of the resource for which statistics are being retrieved.
The integer value representing the SSID (Service Set Identifier) of the wireless network for which client counts are being tracked.
The name of the resource group to be deleted.
The navigation property to attachments for groups, identified by the conversation thread ID.
Index of the subtitle stream to use
The unique identifier for the group.
Search query to retrieve section groups from sites.
Checks if the job schedule exists, using the provided 'if-unmodified-since' header to ensure the resource has not been modified since the specified date.
The resource parameter specifies the externalvpngateway to which labels will be applied.
The direction in which to list milestones.
Format of the season stats (e.g., JSON, CSV).
The ID of the site to update the navigation property parentsectiongroup for.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned.
The parameter 'driveitem - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify which item to perform the oct2hex action on.
Specifies the identifier of the user whose details are to be updated.
The expand parameter specifies additional details to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
Specifies the attribute by which to sort the list of migrations.
The unique identifier for the bot.
The version of the API being used.
The Azure region for which the available service fabric cluster code versions are being queried.
The unique identifier for the compute node pool.
filters the set of CA certificates provided by Amazon RDS for this AWS account
describes reserved instance offerings that are available for purchase. with reserved instances, you purchase the right to launch instances for a period of time. during that time period, you don't receive insufficient capacity errors, and you pay a lower usage rate than the rate charged for on-demand instances for the specified instance type.
The date of the player's game statistics.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used to replace the app's metadata.
The multivalueLegacyExtendedProperty ID used to retrieve the multivalue extended properties from users.
Specifies whether the configuration should be matched exactly.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region where the urlmap resource is located.
The page number for the requested reviewers list.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for an item activity in a drive, used to retrieve specific activity details.
The name of the tag to be removed from the resource.
Number of records to skip for the paged request.
Maximum number of audio channels allowed in transcoding.
The name of the route to be created or updated in the specified route table.
Creates an authorisation sub-resource and initiates the consent authorisation process, potentially including authentication and authorisation data. This method is used iteratively for multiple SCA authorisations in a corporate context, with each iteration creating a separate authorisation sub-endpoint for the respective PSU. The ASPSP may automatically generate the authorisation resource upon submission, making this method optional.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the storage sync service.
The timeout duration in milliseconds for the operation.
The name of the resource group containing the vault.
The unique identifier for the iteration.
A unique identifier that is used to track the request.
The unique identifier for the chart of accounts to be deleted.
Retrieves the list of all policy assignments associated with the specified resource in the given resource group and subscription, optionally filtered by 'atScope()' or 'policyDefinitionId eq {value}'. If no filter is provided, returns the unfiltered list.
The name of the resource group that contains the HDInsight cluster.
Number of days for the forecast.
The parameter describes a string value representing a security identity tied to a specific path, typically used in the PI Web API when the path originates from another part of the PI system. It is recommended to use WebID for searches when available.
The parameter $top specifies the number of financial pictures to retrieve.
Ordering criteria for the sections retrieved from users.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to extensions for users.
Creates a new navigation property to members for teams, identified by the unique string ID "teamworktag".
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the company whose payment terms are being retrieved.
Number of records to skip
The name of the resource group for which to list global event subscriptions.
A string used to filter the list of channels associated with the bot, returning only those whose names contain the specified substring.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the mobile app.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
Number of mentions to skip for pagination
The domain for which the privacy cancellation request is being submitted.
The unique identifier for the media item.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the server associated with the session to be logged out.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The token used for authentication to access the organization memberships by organization ID and membership ID.
The name of the API management service instance.
The identifier of the tag for which the entity state version is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the commit comment.
The version of the API being used.
unique identifier for the server
The ETag value to be used for the If-Match header.
The base branch for the pull request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The JSON object containing the name and columnid for use with the qcolumns parameter in the get_cases endpoint.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart series.
The region where the job will be submitted to the cluster.
The unique identifier for the planner plan group.
Number of results per page (max 100)
The unique identifier for the contact to be updated.
The name of the resource group where the managed cluster is located.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the user whose extensions are being retrieved.
The search code used to query the ICIS law sections lookup service.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the view to be deleted.
The API version used to retrieve the image store upload session.
The name of the resource group to which the server belongs.
The file extension used to identify the geometry server entries.
The device path associated with the express route cross connection.
The unique identifier for the job whose task directory files are to be listed.
Specifies whether to exclude analysis events from the partition event list.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
the time difference between fromdate and todate fields cannot be more than 60 minutes. by default, pagination is available for the transaction entity in this api. in the first response, the api will retrieve 500 transactions along with other data. the response header will provide a link to retrieve the next set of transactions.
Number of employees to skip
updated details such as corrections on a previous scan, additional id scans (e.g. additional pages), and follow-on action to initiate OCR processing procedures immediately
filter parameter to specify the criteria for listing annotations in the annotation store for a source resource
The unique identifier for the marketplace order in Beezup system.
Specifies whether to return the count of device enrollment configurations instead of the configurations themselves.
The name of the storage sync service.
The name of the service for which the domain controller list and replication details are retrieved.
The maximum number of log collection requests to retrieve.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The token used to authenticate and authorize the addition of an image to a transaction within a public slicebox.
The unique identifier of the group to which the calendar view navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
List of order IDs to retrieve from the store.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the packet capture session.
The workspace parameter specifies the name of the workspace to be updated.
The parameter specifies the extensions to be retrieved from groups, represented as an array.
The parent context to create under.
The name of the resource group that contains the container.
The version of the API being used for the restart operation.
The entity state (etag) version of the issue for the API identified by the servicename.
The API version used for creating or updating a snapshot.
The event ID associated with the navigation property to multivalue extended properties for groups.
The name of the resource group that contains the data lake analytics account.
Initiates the cancellation of a payment. Depending on the payment service, payment product, and ASPSP's implementation, this TPP call might be sufficient to cancel a payment. If authorization of the payment cancellation is mandated by the ASPSP, additional steps may be required.
The number of saved queries to return per page.
filters the collection of health events reported on the deployed application based on health state
updates the specified version resource. you can specify the following fields depending on the app engine environment and type of scaling that the version resource uses: standard environment instance class (https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/admin-api/reference/rest/v1/apps.services.versions#version.fields.instance_class) automatic scaling in the standard environment: automatic_scaling.min_idle_instances (https://cloud.google.com/appengine
The name parameter is a string that represents the name of the shapefile entry to be searched.
The name of the server for which eligible SKUs are being listed.
The navigation property 'pages' in users, which represents a collection of OneNote pages associated with a user.
The navigation property accesspackageresource for identitygovernance with the specified ID.
The size of each page in the pagination.
name: applicationTypeName type: string
Specifies the ending character before the account identifier in the response.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results.
The maximum number of entries that can be added to the prefix list.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether to include the count of resources in the response.
The name of the resource to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the player you wish to delete.
The name of the resource.
The application's periodic backup process is suspended, affecting all services and partitions within the application hierarchy, until the application is explicitly resumed.
Number of activities to skip for pagination purposes.
The navigation property pages in me, identified by the section group ID.
The region to which this request applies.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The name parameter specifies the name of the resource group.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results.
The parameter 'name' is a string that specifies the group to search for within entries of type 'fred'.
Number of columns to skip
The unique identifier for the asset associated with the media file to be downloaded.
filter parameter to specify the device for which metrics are to be retrieved
calculate the hash of the given template
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The version of the API being used.
The string value used to match and identify the navigation property events for deletion.
filter parameter to get the reference of member of from me
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The maximum number of results to return.
The linkedresources navigation property in users is updated with the specified resource ID.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The name parameter specifies the server name for which the workload classifiers are being retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
List of application versions
The `files` attribute in the request body should contain a list of cached file paths to be purged. A path can specify a single file or use a wildcard (`*`) to recursively purge all files under a directory. If only a wildcard is provided, all cached files will be purged.
Transmitted broadcast packets count
Indicates whether the routing results should consider the correct side of the road for turn restrictions and other traffic rules.
The number of processors to return per page.
The unique identifier of the drive item (workbook) from which to retrieve the worksheet.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the IoT hub to test all configured routes for.
The parameter description is missing in the input.
A string representing the geometry, distance, and time of the shortest or fastest path between given start and end points.
An array of fields used for faceting in the model search results.
The navigation property activities in workbooks
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The project ID of the user who owns the entity.
The user agent string that identifies the client or application making the request.
Deletes an analytics configuration for the bucket identified by the analytics configuration ID.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
A unique identifier for the correlation between temporary promotions and attractions.
The email address to be used as a send-as alias.
The name of the resource group that contains the media services account.
The OAuth authorizations API, used by integrations to create personal access tokens and OAuth tokens, will be discontinued. Use the web application flow to create these tokens instead.
The name of the load balancer to create or update.
The name of the assessed machine for which size and cost estimate are retrieved.
Filter to retrieve extensions associated with a specific organization.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
Specifies the time, in seconds, to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
The name of the lab profile to list secrets for.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier (SID) of the certificate credential to be unregistered from the fleet.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
updates an existing model
The unique identifier for the group.
Filter criteria for retrieving classify text jobs from data classification.
Specifies the maximum number of dimension values to return in the response.
Specifies the number of items to return in the response.
Retrieve section groups from the provided groups, returning an array of section groups.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the app consent requests for approval navigation property is being deleted.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property columnlinks for drives.
The token to continue watching from a server.
The name of the access configuration for the tenant.
A unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The access key used to authenticate the S3 file upload operation.
Retrieve an array of sections associated with the user.
The version of the API being used for enabling task scheduling on the specified compute node.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
Specifies the maximum number of assemblies to retrieve from the data lake analytics catalog.
Specifies the maximum number of records to include in the response. If more records exist than the specified value, a marker is provided in the response to indicate where to continue pagination.
The unique identifier for the API.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property items related to sites.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the deployment to be deleted from the cluster.
The unique identifier for the subcontractor whose revisions are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The identifier for the single-value legacy extended property.
Gets the health information of a service package for a specific application on a Service Fabric node, using the specified policy. Optionally filters health events based on health state using the `eventshealthstatefilter` parameter.
The project associated with the server trigger to be replaced.
The version of the API being used.
Number of results per page (default: 30)
The parameter 'servicename' is a string that represents the name of the service for which tags are being listed.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the proposal to be canceled.
The name of the connector to retrieve from the hub.
The unique identifier for the change batch request.
The unique identifier for the restricted sign-in entry in the audit logs.
The name of the virtual network (VNet) to be created or updated.
The action key to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The list of authentication context class references to be expanded in the response.
The unique identifier for the shopper, typically used to track and manage shopper-specific data or sessions.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a section group.
Specifies whether the query should run synchronously, blocking further execution until the report is generated.
The search criteria to be added to the request, specifically the "input" field containing the text to search for (e.g., "1821 q"), which triggers the address autocomplete functionality.
An array of candidate office district information related to campaign finance filings.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The status of the blogs listed by the user.
The name of the resource group.
An object containing the parameters for creating a build.
The name of the service fabric node where the application is deployed.
Number of user attribute assignments retrieved from the identity.
The unique identifier for the virtual machine instance within the scale set.
The file parameter should contain the audio voice message to be sent.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the drive from which to retrieve media content for the navigation property items.
The name of the inbound NAT rule to be deleted.
name of the storage target
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra table.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
Page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the thread to be marked as read.
The API version for the request.
The propagation policy for the collection of nodes.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to specify the group for searching entries of type sado tts data.
number of records to skip for the paged request
The database account name for which metrics are to be retrieved.
API version for the subscription deletion endpoint.
The name of the resource group that contains the app.
The unique identifier of the database for which usages are to be retrieved.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property details associated with groups.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Search service.
Specifies the number of log lines to retrieve from the end of the container instance logs.
get authentication from me
The unique identifier for the asset associated with the variation file.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Deletes the specified auto scaling group. If the group has instances or scaling activities in progress, you must specify the option to force the deletion for it to succeed. If the group has policies, deleting the group deletes the policies, the underlying alarm actions, and any alarm that no longer has an associated action. To remove instances from the auto scaling group before deleting it, call the detachinstances API with the list of instances and the option to decrement the desired capacity. This ensures that Amazon EC2 instances are properly detached before deletion.
Metadata fields are used to provide additional context or attributes related to the working hours record. These fields may include information such as creation timestamp, user ID of the creator, version numbers, or system-specific identifiers. They support tracking and auditing purposes and can be customized based on the system's requirements.
The language setting for the cash register.
Retrieve the parent notebook of the current user, with the result expanded into an array format.
The parameter description is: the name of the service to remove the email from the notification list.
The version of the Microsoft.NetApp REST API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The number of records to return per page.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
returns an array of references from your git database that match the supplied name. the ` : ref ` in the url must be formatted as ` heads / ` for branches and ` tags / ` for tags. if the ` : ref ` doesn't exist in the repository, but existing refs start with ` : ref `, they will be returned as an array. when you use this endpoint without providing a ` : ref `, it will return an array of all the references from your git database, including notes and stashes if
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property to the series for workbooks, identified by the specified workbook chart ID.
The list of reactions to a team discussion comment.
filter parameter to return the list of all health status for the region
The number of members to retrieve from the teams.
Indicates the current status of the traffic obstruction event.
The number of subscriptions to return per page.
The parameter 'command' is a string that specifies the infrastructure-specific command to be sent to a particular instance of the infrastructure service. The available commands and their response formats depend on the underlying infrastructure platform (e.g., Service Fabric).
The unique identifier of the intent to be removed.
The unique identifier for the card.
The name of the service endpoint policy to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the carpool request.
The unique identifier for the committee whose contributions are being queried.
The unique identifier for the merchant account.
The ID of the screen from which the field will be removed.
The name parameter is a string that represents the identifier for the scaled-out instance in the web site.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the governance role assignment.
Returns an object for the repository permission of each user in the requested repository. Permissions returned are effective permissions: the highest level of permission the user has. This does not distinguish between direct and indirect (group) privileges. Only users with admin permission for the repository may access this resource. Permissions can be: * `admin` * `write` * `read`.
The name parameter specifies the unique identifier (name) of the relay service connection to be deleted.
The name parameter specifies the account name of the container.
The name of the web site or deployment slot.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The name of the redis cache to be updated.
Creates a new navigation property linking groups to sections, identified by the unique string ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
lists all managed policies attached to the specified IAM user; use listuserpolicies to list inline policies for a user.
Filter to apply when retrieving section groups from sites.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property multivalueExtendedProperties is to be deleted.
The maximum number of objects to return.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property buckettaskboardformat for users.
The maximum number of versions to retrieve from the drives.
requests a list of missing file keys that may be generated by the current user
The API version to use for the request.
The API version to use for the upgrade operation.
Token for the next page of results.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to specify the type of entries to search for, such as atm, ice, or ssn data.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the specified OneNote section by ID.
The name of the resource group for which public IP addresses are being retrieved.
The ETag value to use for conditional requests. If the ETag does not match the current ETag of the resource, the request will be rejected.
Name of the recovery plan to start the planned failover for.
The API key used to authenticate the application with the CRM system.
Retrieve an array of messages sent by the user.
The ID of the list item in the drive.
The project parameter specifies the project identifier for which the node type is being retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the specified container.
Number of scheduling groups to skip
Barcode data profile
The name of the connection monitor to start.
Ordering field for the instances retrieved from users.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property parentsectiongroup is to be updated.
Specifies the mode of transportation to be used for calculating reachable locations, such as "walking", "driving", or "bicycling".
A string representing hypermedia links to global resources.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
The slug identifier for the team.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response for each participant.
The name of the firewall policy rule group to create or update.
A unique identifier for the request, used to track and manage the creation of a new policy within the specified project.
The unique identifier for the commit.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of records to return per page.
The name of the environment for which the access policy is retrieved.
Number of sections to skip
Number of results to return per page.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the onenotepage with the specified id.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether the security entry should be applied to child elements of the enumeration set.
The number of agents to stop.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Limits the number of notifications returned in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A cursor used for pagination to specify the starting point of the next set of results.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The parameter 'accesspackageassignment - id' is a string that represents the reference ID of an access package assignment within the identity governance system.
a paginated list of preprints that the user contributes to, sorted by creation date in descending order
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The version of the API being used for the update operation.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
A string parameter used in the Chart.js as image API, likely representing a configuration or data input for generating chart images.
The name of the resource group containing the network security group.
The name of the view to be created, specified as a string.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property buckettaskboardformat is to be deleted.
Search query to retrieve calls from the application.
The count parameter indicates whether to include the count of linked resources in the response.
Number of items to return
The version of the API being used.
The type of search to perform, such as files, folders, web links, or shared files.
The unique identifier of the resource for which the access control policy is being retrieved.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event that needs to be declined.
The duration in seconds before a request times out.
An array containing the axes extracted from the workbooks.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property settings related to device management.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' of the 'onenotesection' with the specified ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether audio stream copying is allowed during HTTP Live Streaming.
The reaction to accept.
The unique identifier for tracking in Zuora.
The unique identifier for the fiscal company car.
The version of the API associated with the product.
Perform an action to change the state of a review.
The name of the reference data set to retrieve.
The maximum number of categories to return.
Filter calendar events by the start time, where the value should be a string representing the start date and time.
The unique identifier for the OAuth2 permission grant entity.
The URL key for the network.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
Start date for searching video channel entries (format: YYYY-MM-DD).
Specifies the maximum number of private and vendor workforces to return in a single response.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter 'appid' is a string that identifies the application settings, specifically indicating whether all training data should be used.
The unique identifier for the OpenShift environment.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
returns the unread items in a user's inbox. this method requires an access token with a scope containing "read_inbox". it is effectively an alias for /inbox/unread, provided for consumers operating within a single site context rather than the entire Stack Exchange network. {id} can contain a single user ID; to find it programmatically, look for user_id on the user or shallow_user endpoints.
The unique identifier for the program entity to be updated.
number of items to return per page
The unique identifier for the noteable entity to be updated.
A string representing the authorization token or credential required to access the training URL.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The ID of the sectiongroup to be updated in the navigation property of users.
The unique identifier for the user.
An array specifying the versions to be retrieved from the agreements.
The unique identifier for the update group.
The name of the VMSS extension to create or update.
Specifies the fields to be included in the response for each event frame attribute.
The version of the API being used for authorization.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime voice connector group to be updated.
The name of the deployment to check for existence.
The URL of the site for which information is to be retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group containing the network security group.
The deployment slot for which the status of the last msdeploy operation is being retrieved.
The name of the vulnerability assessment for the database's rule baseline.
Filter criteria for retrieving principals from role management.
Specifies the generation of the object to match for conditional operations.
Specifies the fields to include in the URL detail response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The app collection to test the new campaign on.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The file extension used to identify IPython notebook files.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway is located.
The deployment slot for the web app.
Number of records to skip for the result set
Filter criteria for inbox recipients.
The name of the server endpoint to be deleted.
The number of resources to skip.
The name of the web app to invoke the msdeploy extension on.
The unique identifier for the user's subscription.
The unique identifier for the remote subtitles.
The ID of the transit gateway route table for which the static route is being created.
The unique identifier for the device from which commands are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property sections are to be deleted.
Returns genes associated with a specified phenotype.
The API version to use for the request.
Indicates whether to include the client request ID in the response.
A unique key that ensures the payment request is processed only once, preventing accidental duplicate submissions.
Makes a task eligible to be retried again up to its maximum retry count. The task's state is changed to active. As the task is no longer in the completed state, any previous exit code or scheduling error is no longer available after reactivation. This will fail for tasks that are not completed or that previously
Retrieve an array of shipment methods from the financials system.
The name of the owner associated with the device.
The identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The parent parameter specifies the identifier of the parent execution to retrieve statistics for.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
Enables the API2CRM data synchronization feature.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription containing the Kusto clusters.
An array of identifiers used to retrieve specific items based on the query.
The project ID for which the network endpoint group is being created.
The name of the resource group containing the traffic manager endpoint.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The unique identifier for the group.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The unique identifier for the product.
The name of the location where the media service resource is being checked for availability.
The unique identifier (SHA) of the blob to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property named 'notebook - id' of type string to link users with pages.
The unique identifier for the corporation whose industry jobs are being requested.
The name of the object to be deleted.
Retrieve a list of attachments associated with groups.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
The navigation property attachments for the specified calendar group.
name: cachename   type: string   description: the name of the cache to which the storage target belongs
The API version for invoking the container API on a service fabric node for the specified code package.
The name of the app or deployment slot.
The region for the draft payment, typically representing a geographical or operational region within bunq's system.
The parameter describes the date or timestamp to which the customer list modification is being filtered.
The name of the resource group.
checks whether you have the required permissions for the action without actually making the request
The agent number, represented as an integer, indicates the specific agent whose statistics are being reported in the headers.
number of results to return per page
The version of the API being used.
search for articles using various filters such as brandfamily, category, or specific color. refer to the filters documentation for a complete list of available options. the default page size is 20, which can be adjusted via the pagesize parameter, with a maximum limit of 200. the endpoint also allows reducing the returned fields for each article.
The navigation property to calendars for users, identified by a unique string ID.
The unique identifier of the on-premises publishing profile.
The maximum number of permissions to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the persisted face.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The maximum number of results to return.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request in Azure Search.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the user whose single value extended properties are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
returns all the badges in the system. badge sorts are a tad complicated. for the purposes of sorting ( and min / max ) tag _ based is considered to be greater than named. this means that you can get a list of all tag based badges by passing min = tag _ based, and conversely all the named badges by passing max = named, with sort = type. for ranks, bronze is greater than silver which is greater than gold. along with sort = rank, set max = gold for just
The name of the deployment to be deleted from the cluster.
The parameter describes the trace span identifier used to update the authorization status, either activating or deactivating it.
The unique identifier for the education user.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the account associated with the application package.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The navigation property 'font' in workbooks that is associated with the specified workbook chart ID.
A filter to apply to the job list, allowing for selective retrieval based on criteria such as job status or name.
The end parameter specifies the end time for the log of user shift changes, formatted as a string.
An array of formats extracted from the workbooks.
The unique identifier for the share subscription.
The unique identifier of the account.
The unique identifier for the order.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the provider associated with the user management.
A unique identifier for the request.
Creates a new navigation property to activities for drives, specifically linking the item with the old ID to its associated activities.
The unique identifier for the user whose section groups are to be retrieved.
The parameter 'slot' is a string that specifies the slot for which the logging configuration is being retrieved.
The name of the runbook to be created.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the invitation to be deleted.
The name of the device.
The propagation policy for deleting the pod template collection.
The unique identifier for the country profile.
The unique identifier for the group member.
The name of the media services account.
Exports a key from Azure Key Vault in a protected form, ensuring the key material remains secure and usable only within the Azure Key Vault system or a trusted HSM. This enables migration of keys between vault instances while maintaining security.
The maximum amount of GHG emissions allowed for the search criteria.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a line from workbooks using the specified selection criteria.
The type of resource for which the notification setting is being retrieved.
The ID of the booking business for which the customers navigation property is to be deleted.
product number is a string that uniquely identifies a product
The maximum number of role bindings to return.
The unique identifier for the group to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the web resource associated with the security entry to be deleted.
The API version to be used for creating or updating the attachment.
The unique identifier for the creative in the studio system.
The method to reduce multiple time series into a single time series.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with users.
A unique identifier for the request, used to trace and correlate requests across services.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the expansion of special data from the drive.
The name of the device associated with the order.
The unique identifier for the user whose last shared method is to be retrieved.
The time period in seconds after which the pool will timeout if no activity is detected.
Unique identifier for the player.
Whether to exclude automatically generated assertions when retrieving genes associated with a GO term.
Patches the specified subcontractor with the provided values.
Indicates whether automatic assertions should be excluded when summarizing gene annotations.
An array of selected items retrieved from the term store.
The unique identifier for the event from which attachments are to be retrieved.
Specifies whether partial success is allowed when retrieving the list of managed instance groups. If set to true, the request may succeed even if some resources cannot be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The state of the listing, where 'all' indicates all listings should be retrieved.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used.
Enables the integration of opportunity products with the CRM system.
The domain and owner of the repository to be updated.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway is located.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
currency symbol (e.g., eur, gbp, cny, jpy, aud, etc.) to get the live foreign exchange rate for one US dollar
The unique identifier for the reservation order.
The name of the premier add-on to be deleted from the app.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the pay code.
Whether to allow bookmarking of watch results.
The number of items to return per page.
The end date for which email addresses are suppressed.
number of owners retrieved from groups
The unique identifier for the calendar permission to be deleted.
Ordering criteria for the sections retrieved from the sites.
The version of the API being used.
filter by display name of the system
The name of the queue for which a description is being returned.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
Callback parameter for JSONP requests.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial data is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
uploads contents of the file to the image store. use this api if the file is small enough to upload again if the connection fails. the file's data needs to be added to the request body. the contents will be uploaded to the specified path. image store service uses a mark file to indicate the availability of the folder. the mark file is an empty file named " _. dir ". the mark file is generated by the image store service when all files in a folder are uploaded. when using file - by
The name of the resource group for which to retrieve network watchers.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item to be deleted.
draft pull requests are available in public repositories with GitHub Free and GitHub Free for Organizations, GitHub Pro, and legacy per-repository billing plans, and in public and private repositories with GitHub Team and GitHub Enterprise Cloud. For more information, see [GitHub's products](https://help).
The zone associated with the resource for which permissions are being checked.
Specifies whether to include default CSS styles for visualizing the recipe's nutritional information in HTML format.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API to be deleted.
The region associated with the bunq payment service provider.
Search query to find section groups belonging to the user.
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The expand parameter specifies additional details to include in the response for each scheduling group.
The number of devices to skip for the current result set.
The version of the API being used.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The multivalueLegacyExtendedProperty ID used to retrieve the multivalue extended properties from users.
The name of the virtual hub to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the job execution.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the task to be updated.
The name of the service associated with the tenant access information.
The name of the resource group containing the application gateway.
The unique identifier for the project.
The name of the server for which eligible SKUs are being listed.
searches words that match the specified regular expression pattern
The unique identifier of the user profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group associated with the test job.
checks whether you have the required permissions for the action without actually making the request
Order by criteria for managed devices.
The version of the service fabric application type to be created or updated.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the workflow from which the property will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier of the site.
The name of the factory associated with the pipeline run.
Filters the policy events based on specified criteria.
The name of the resource group where the CDN endpoint will be created.
The unique identifier for a section group.
Name of the hybrid connection
The date when the netcdf point subset entry was last modified.
Search query to retrieve items from sites
The education class ID used to retrieve corresponding outcomes from the education system.
Creates a new navigation property to decisions for the identity governance resource, specifically linking it to an access review instance identified by the provided ID.
Unique identifier for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
Indicates whether to fetch only the latest available backup for every partition.
Specifies the security details to be expanded in the response.
The name of the lab to execute the schedule for.
The page number for pagination.
The maximum number of email templates to return.
The starting index for the list of matching associations.
The name of the project to which the replica pool will be added.
The domain name for which the record is to be updated.
Retrieve the parent section group associated with the current context or user.
The name of the organization from which testers will be deleted from the distribution group.
The name of the resource group.
The maximum number of content types to retrieve.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' associated with the specified section group ID will be removed.
Completes a multipart upload by assembling previously uploaded parts. You first initiate the multipart upload and then upload all parts using the UploadPart operation. After successfully uploading all relevant parts of an upload, you call this action to complete the upload.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in the workbook, identified by the drive item ID, is being updated.
lists training jobs; when statusEquals and maxResults are specified together, up to maxResults training jobs are initially retrieved regardless of status, then filtered by statusEquals. For example, with maxResults=100 and statusEquals=inProgress, 100 jobs (regardless of status) are first fetched, then narrowed down to only those in progress.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The maximum number of objects to return.
Specifies the details to include in the response, such as related resources or additional metadata.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the approval step navigation property to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the user whose parent notebook navigation property needs to be updated.
The unique identifier for the authentication context class reference to be deleted.
The parameter 'router' is a string type that specifies the router resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The list of voices available for speech synthesis, including language, gender, and unique voice ID.
Search query to filter assignments in devicemanagement
Specifies the completion status or final state of the listing, typically used to filter or identify listings that have been finalized.
The API version used to retrieve the pay schedules with the specified tag.
The package name of the app bundle for which download metadata is being retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the app.
The parent resource where the data fusion instance will be created, specified in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the team from which replies are to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether uninitialized objects should be included in the list or watch.
A unique identifier for the client request.
An array of states that filter the virtual clusters. Only virtual clusters with matching states are returned.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in groups that is being updated, identified by the onenotepage ID.
The unique identifier for the update group.
Sorting parameter for ordering the results; use 'get /v2/editorial/images/updated' instead to get recently updated items.
The name of the virtual WAN resource to create or update.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The parameter describes the specific forwarding rule resource to be deleted, identified by its name as a string.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the virtual network for which usage statistics are being listed.
The unique identifier for the conversation thread.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic that receives notifications about endpoint events.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The maximum lifetime of a task from addition to completion is 180 days. If a task has not completed within 180 days of being added, it will be terminated by the batch service and left in whatever state it was in at that time.
The unique identifier of the draft registration to be permanently deleted.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The specification to be updated.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with the specified entity.
returns describe for emails
Unique identifier for the connection log entry.
The name of the fabric associated with the protection container.
The user agent string used to identify the client application or user agent making the request.
Filter criteria for retrieving user run states from device management.
Creates a launch configuration. If you exceed your maximum limit of launch configurations, the call fails. To query this limit, call the DescribeAccountLimits API. For information about updating this limit, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Service Quotas in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling documentation.
The path to the parent resource.
A string used for authentication, typically representing a token that grants access to protected resources.
The name of the distribution group from which to retrieve apps.
Specifies the number of items to skip before starting to return results.
The page number for retrieving the customer's account payments in UK sterling.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The name of the job to be forced to run now.
The unique identifier for the job whose statistics are to be retrieved.
The name of the route filter to be updated.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The name of the MySQL server key.
The navigation property activities in workbooks
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region where the healthcheckservice resource will be created.
The name of the identity provider configuration to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property enables access to the resource roles associated with the access package assignment request in identity governance.
The ID of the device compliance policy to update the navigation property devicestatusoverview for in device management.
The access key used to authenticate and authorize the deletion of the collection and its associated profiles and faces.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the resource namespace within the unified RBAC system, used to define the scope of resources managed by a role.
The unique identifier for the template to be returned as a backup plan.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The project key that identifies the specific project in the environment.
The unique identifier for the request used to update an existing membership.
Specifies the ETag (entity tag) of the job schedule to ensure that the update operation only proceeds if the current ETag matches the one provided.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The location parameter specifies the geographical criteria for searching cities, which can be defined by latitude and longitude along with a radius, or by a country code. It supports defining a significant city based on the percentage of population within a country.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID of the parent note or folder to which the new notes will be added.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The maximum number of items to return per page.
filter to determine which metrics to retrieve for the specified database account and region
The unique identifier for the data record.
The parameter 'driveitem - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify which item's decimal value should be converted to binary.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The navigation property 'parentsection' in the 'onenotepage' entity refers to the section that contains the current page. This property is used to establish a relationship between a page and its parent section within OneNote.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The pool can only be resized when its allocation state is steady. If the pool is already resizing, the request fails with status code 409. Resizing a pool changes its allocation state from steady to resizing. Pools configured for automatic scaling cannot be resized; attempting to do so results in a 409 error. When resizing downward, the batch service automatically selects nodes to remove. To remove specific nodes, use the pool remove nodes API instead.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
invokes a lambda function. you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ), or asynchronously. to invoke a function asynchronously, set invocationtype to event. for synchronous invocation, details about the function response, including errors, are included in the response body and headers. for either invocation type, you can find more information in the execution log and trace. when an error occurs, your function may
The 'expand' parameter is used to specify additional related resources to include in the response, allowing for more detailed information about the parent device management entity.
The name of the resource group that contains the function app.
Specifies the route table to be retrieved.
The API version of the resource provider.
The name of the resource group must be valid and unique within the subscription.
Filter to apply for retrieving password methods from users.
The end datetime for the interval to retrieve activities.
The version of the API being used.
Completes the vault locking process by transitioning the vault lock from the in-progress state to the locked state, making the vault lock policy unchangeable.
Number of pages to skip for pagination.
The page number for pagination.
The name of the service associated with the API release being updated.
The timezone parameter specifies the time zone for the time series data in the response.
The virtual network gateway's primary status is reset.
The billing account ID for which the balances are to be retrieved. Balances are available only for dates on or after May 1, 2014.
Token used to authenticate the request for retrieving the notifications board by its ID.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property to single value extended properties is being created.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The unique identifier for the inbound cross-cluster connection to be deleted.
The name of the virtual machine profile used for login.
The parameter refers to the identifier of an access package assignment policy within the identity governance context.
The identifier of the group entity to which the user entity is associated.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
Search query for retrieving assignments from device management.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A string representing the health ID used to generate an SVG card.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
Filter parameter to specify the date range for listing reservation details.
The unique identifier for the user's mailbox where the message will be imported.
The API version to use for the request.
The type of classification for the project.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
filter element that you can use to specify a filter to select a subset of objects to which the rule applies
The calendar ID used to retrieve multivalue extended properties from users.
The unique identifier for the role to be updated.
Retrieve a list of events associated with the user.
The page number for pagination.
The user agent string used to identify the client making the request.
starts asynchronous cancellation on a long-running operation. the server makes a best effort to cancel the operation, but success is not guaranteed. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `google.rpc.code.unimplemented`. clients can use operations.getoperation or other methods to check whether the cancellation succeeded or whether the operation completed despite cancellation. on successful cancellation, the operation is not deleted; instead, it becomes an operation with an operation.error value with a google.rpc.status.
A string containing filters to identify unused images for deletion.
search query for retrieving attachments from the current user
The version of the API being used.
The ID of the old item activity to be updated in the drives navigation property.
The project identifier for creating the interconnect.
The name of the lab associated with the artifact.
The name of the billing profile to be updated.
The login parameter is used to identify the user account for adding customers to a customercategory.
The navigation property salescreditmemolines in financials is updated with the specified salescreditmemoline ID.
The unique identifier for the floodlight configuration.
The deployment for which manifests are to be listed.
The version of the API being used.
Returns the webhook logs for your account. Use the available query parameters to filter the listing of activity that is returned. Note: Total results will always return as 0 to avoid querying data you're not using and stay as performant as possible. Event types: Webhooks are triggered by enabled event types for your account, which are configured on the [Developer Settings page](/docs/account/09-settings/06-developer-settings). Not all event types may be allowed for your account type. These are
The list of questions the user has posted in response to questions with the given tags.
Indicates whether the request includes a client request ID.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The resource group name used to publish to a domain.
Indicates whether the response should include the client request ID.
The unique identifier for the user whose parent section group is being retrieved.
The geographical location associated with the bunq payment service provider.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) is a unique identifier assigned to mobile devices. This parameter is used to retrieve the Systems Manager owner ID(s) associated with the given IMEI.
The unique identifier for the drive item to be processed.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal from which to retrieve token lifetime policies.
The unique identifier for the user.
API key for authentication
The unique identifier for the extension being updated.
The name of the location for which the connectivity status is being queried.
A string representing the search term for which suggestions are to be retrieved.
The parameter 'trending-id' is a string that identifies the trending content or item to be processed.
The zone in which the network endpoint groups are located.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The date and time that the pool was last modified, used to filter results based on modification timestamp.
The factory name used to filter and query pipeline runs.
The relationship between genes and a disease.
The season for which the player's stats are being retrieved.
Admin-only token used to authenticate and access email communication settings.
The name of the local network gateway to create or update.
This feature is only available if you have the Order Metrics feature enabled. As of Zuora Billing release 284, Orders is generally available and the Order Metrics feature is no longer available as a standalone feature. If you are an existing Subscribe and Amend customer and want to continue using this functionality, please ensure you have the necessary permissions and configurations in place.
Retrieve the font information from the specified workbook table using its unique identifier.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve section groups associated with users, returning an array of section group data.
Specifies whether to return partial success results if some node groups fail to process.
The unique identifier for the account.
A unique identifier for tracking the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the project associated with the specific replica.
The unique identifier for the environment to be recreated.
The maximum number of token issuance policies to return.
The version of the API being used.
search criteria for finding users, supports pagination with up to 100 results per page, and provides text match metadata for login, email, and name fields when using the 'text-match' media type.
Specifies whether the response should include partial success results.
The starting index for the list of custom data sources.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
A unique identifier for the request, used to ensure idempotency and track the operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the configuration bucket where template definitions are stored.
The name of the repository to be updated.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional information to include in the response, such as related resources or nested data.
Proteins collected from UniProt for the specified taxonomic IDs: human (9606), mouse (10090), rat (10116), bovine (9913), Escherichia coli (83333), Sus scrofa (9823), Mycobacterium tuberculosis (83332), Oryctolagus cuniculus (9986), Saccharomyces cerevisiae (559292), CVHSA (694009), and SARS-CoV-2 (2697049).
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the education submission resource.
The name of the resource group that contains the network watcher.
The navigation property rows in workbooks that needs to be updated, identified by the unique identifier (id) of the workbooktablerow.
The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the channel to which users will be added.
The name of the resource group where the web site or deployment slot is located.
The format parameter specifies the desired output format of the response, such as JSON or XML.
The ETag header value from the GET streaming distribution config response, used to ensure the configuration has not been modified since it was retrieved.
The file suffix used to identify entries of type BLS survey.
The name of the storage sync service.
Parameter description: Specifies the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters from the EJScreen database.
The format of the news content.
The length of each segment in the video stream, specified in seconds.
The name of the storage sync service.
The crop is applied before generating the thumbnail, allowing you to focus on a specific region of the screenshot.
The parameter 'expand' is an array used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or nested resources.
The unique identifier for the vehicle.
sort the filter's characteristics over time based on changes in treasurers, designation, or committee type
The name of the integration account agreement.
The name of the resource group.
The API version used to specify the endpoint for initiating the cluster upgrade process.
The parameter describes a notification rule update, specifically for a tracing span associated with the "zap" system.
The name of the canary to update.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request within Azure Search.
The name of the network watcher.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The name of the load balancer to create or update.
The name of the resource group associated with the product.
The name of the environment to look up the history for.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the store where the webhook will be created.
A string representing the user token for authentication within the ClearBlade system.
The maximum number of settingdefinitions to retrieve.
The name of the resource group that contains the compilation job.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the dismiss reminder action.
A unique identifier for the subscription.
filter criteria for selecting team members
The ID of the statement to delete from the resource policy. If this is the last statement in the policy, the policy itself will be deleted. If the specified statement ID does not exist or the bot/bot alias has no attached policy, an exception will be returned.
The unique identifier for the product whose members are to be retrieved.
The name of the share to be updated.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the recovery plan to commit the fail over for.
The name of the music genre for which the image is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the web property associated with the custom data source.
The parameter p_cp_citation is a string used to filter cases based on a specific citation identifier in the search criteria.
The unique identifier for the configuration to be deleted.
The name of the resource group where the load balancer is located.
lists a collection of the members of the group, specified by its identifier
Coordinates at the specified date and time.
Specifies whether to return compact associations only, filtering out detailed information for performance or simplicity.
The query string used for searching and retrieving search result objects.
The API version string.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
Specifies the fields to be retrieved for the action member creator by ID.
The page number for pagination, indicating which page of results to return.
The identifier for the app role assignment to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the project for which runners are being queried.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The page number for retrieving the substance.
The unique identifier for the version of the prebuilt domain model to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
search query to find instances belonging to the user
The name of the transform to create or update.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The maximum number of artifacts to return per page.
The unique identifier of the event to update the navigation property calendar for.
The unique identifier of the planner task to which the navigation property assignedToTaskBoardFormat is being updated.
Search query to filter created objects from service principals
The scope used to filter the dimensions.
The unique key associated with an asynchronous request, used to check its status.
The end date for the query statistics, specified as a month.
Number of sections to skip
The resource that owns the sink and to which the sink is applied.
Specifies the load balancer to retrieve.
Indicates whether the query should include kid-friendly content.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the resource group to be created.
The unique identifier for the data source to be updated.
The unique identifier for the office client configuration assignment to be deleted.
The authorization parameter is used to retrieve tracks related to specific vendors and statuses.
aggregated connectivity info for a given access point on this network
An array of item lists with their first page of content resolved.
The unique identifier for the unified role eligibility request.
Returns the suggested edits submitted by users with the specified IDs. The input { ids } can include up to 100 user IDs separated by semicolons. To programmatically find user IDs, look for the _id field in user or shallow_user objects. The method supports sorting based on the following fields of the suggested_edit object: creation, creation_date, approval, approval_date, rejection, and rejection_date. Only approved suggested edits are returned (unapproved ones are excluded). Similarly, only rejected suggested edits are returned (unrejected ones are excluded). Sorting is applied based on the specified field.
Specifies caching behavior for the request, controlling how and for how long responses can be cached by clients or intermediate proxies.
The name of the certificate to be revoked.
Specifies the identifier to match for deleting the navigation property notifications associated with users.
field name for which auto complete suggestions are returned
The number of instances to return in a single response.
The name of the resource group that contains the project.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The integer value representing the start date from which to retrieve timeline events, formatted as a Unix timestamp.
Gets information about a specific service type supported by a provisioned application type in a Service Fabric cluster. The application type must exist; otherwise, a 404 status is returned. Returns a 204 response if the specified service type is not found.
Indicates whether the statistics should be grouped on an hourly basis.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The API version used to retrieve the event hubs description.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine.
The version of the API to query usage data for.
The version of the API being used for updating the connection gateway's tags.
The duration of the timed count operation for the specified groups.
A pagination token that can be used to get the next page of results.
description of the parameter used to search for entries of type lat-lon image
The page number for retrieving screenshots.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment.
The unique identifier of the comment to be deleted.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests.
The name of the virtual network to be updated.
Parameter description: A string representing the search criteria for facilities or clusters.
Ordering parameter for sorting the registered owners by a specified field.
The unique identifier for the partition for which backup configuration information is retrieved.
An array indicating whether to expand the font details, typically used to include additional related font information in the response.
The parent resource name for which the list of agent versions is requested.
Number of records to skip for the result set
The token used for authentication to update the label names of a board by its ID.
The API version to be deleted.
The parameter 'key' is a string used to identify the list(s) to retrieve.
UUID of the cash register used for the transaction
The name of the resource group that contains the application.
The language code for filtering the programmes.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The number of conversations to return per page.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier of the source from which the binary large object (BLOB) is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the web notification contact template.
creates a redis (cluster mode disabled) or redis (cluster mode enabled) replication group, supporting standalone regional or secondary replication groups linked to a global datastore. A redis (cluster mode disabled) replication group consists of one read/write primary cluster and multiple read-only replica clusters.
The unique identifier of the employer whose workflows are to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the job, used to reference the primary task in multi-instance scenarios.
The version of the API being used.
Filter to retrieve specific extensions from users
The unique identifier for the section group.
Gets the health information of a deployed application on a Service Fabric node, applying optional filters for health events and deployed service packages based on health state, and optionally overriding health policies with a specified policy. The API specifically considers the 'considerWarningAsError' field in health evaluation.
The name of the resource group where the API management service instance is located.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the chat message hosted content, used to delete the associated navigation property in the context of a team's resources.
The version of the API for which the policy definition is retrieved.
The name of the app service plan to be deleted.
The version of the API being used for the operation to start a virtual machine.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
only replaces the job properties specified in the request; if a property like constraints is not included in the request, the job retains its current value for that property
Search query to retrieve sections from the user.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
The project ID for this request.
The deployment slot for the app.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
list all IP addresses and their associated prefixes
The starting index for the search results, used for pagination. If not specified, defaults to 0.
The navigation property pages in users that is associated with the notebook identified by the given ID.
autocompletes incomplete query terms based on input text and matching terms in the index
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request lifecycle.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the trust framework policy.
Retrieves a list of events for a given class ID, with the 'includealldescendants' parameter requiring either a 'date' filter or one of 'datefrom' and 'dateto' filters.
The unique identifier of the account for which billing documents are to be generated.
The parameter 'notebook-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier of the notebook associated with the parent section group to be deleted.
The parent order ID used to filter the list of orders. Only one filter can be applied at a time.
The maximum number of dlpJobs to return in the response. If not specified, defaults to 100. The maximum value is 1000.
The unique identifier for the request used to update an existing membership.
Retrieve an array of payment terms from the financials system.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
A token to specify which page of results to return.
Name of the snapshot
The unique identifier for the session or result entry to be deleted.
The project identifier for which the access control policy is being set.
List of app names for which to retrieve recaptchaconfigs.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for the specified event ID.
Retrieves email statistics segmented by recipient mailbox provider, with data stored for up to 7 days and a default return of 500 items per request.
The progress of a partition restart operation, identified by the provided operation ID.
name of the web app for which perfmon counters are to be retrieved
Number of sectiongroups to skip
Search parameter for filtering entries in the boston crime database by offense code group, where the value is a string representing the specific offense category.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the authorization rule for the namespace.
The name of the mailbox to configure for auto-reply.
The date and time after which conversions were created, in ISO 8601 format.
search query for filtering user experience analytics device metric history data
The unique identifier of the group to be deleted.
Retrieves the parent section group of a specified section within a site.
The instance to which the resource policies will be added.
The unique identifier for the scheduled task.
The unique identifier for the listing.
The name of the application to update.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in workbooks is updated for the specified drive item identified by the provided ID.
The contact ID used to retrieve single value extended properties for the current user.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the API key to be deleted.
Navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
The unique identifier for the user.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The Cloud SQL instance identifier.
The name of the parent resource to which updates are being retrieved.
The security profile and environment for which scores are to be calculated.
Search query to retrieve extensions associated with users
Indicates whether the vehicle is commercial, affecting routing rules and restrictions.
The project identifier for which the expense statistics are being retrieved.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results
maximum calcium content allowed in the search results
List of mobile app troubleshooting events for users, expanded with additional details.
The name of the group for which server-related metrics are being retrieved.
Text to search for entries of type pdb protein file
The unique identifier for the user associated with the connection.
Edit the details for payroll period data using the provided payroll period data ID.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the user whose attributes are to be deleted.
The parameter 'onenotesection-id' is used to specify the unique identifier of a section within OneNote, which helps in retrieving the parent section group associated with that particular section.
The name of the workspace where the artifact is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A new scheduled change for a feature flag.
Deletes a webinar.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the site for which the parent section navigation property is to be deleted.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property userexperienceanalyticscategories related to devicemanagement.
The name of the resource group where the database is located.
Specifies whether the report should be run synchronously.
The parent identifier for the task, used to establish a hierarchical relationship within the queue.
The identifier for the navigation property to be deleted.
Indicates whether a non-anamorphic audio stream is required.
The unique identifier for the tribe associated with the facilities or clusters being searched.
The name of the express route cross connection to be updated.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response for each contact.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database containing the Gremlin graph to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The name of the resource group containing the cloud endpoint.
The name of the resource group containing the service.
The city associated with the number lease configuration.
The name of the resource group containing the logger to be deleted.
The version of the API to be used for the request.
The sharedemaildomain parameter represents the unique identifier for the navigation property related to shared email domains in the directory.
The maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the upgrade state information to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the express route cross connection.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with groups.
The IDs of the VPCs for which you want to describe the ClassicLink DNS support status.
The name of the resource group.
The direction of the sort. Can be either asc or desc.
The navigation property parentsection for sites is deleted.
A list of stoppoint types to filter the results by.
enables periodic backup of stateful partitions which are part of this service fabric service. each partition is backed up individually as per the specified backup policy description. in case the application, which the service is part of, is already enabled for backup then this operation would override the policy being used
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, enabling deeper nesting of data.
The geographical location where the workspace is deployed.
The type of alert tenant to be notified about the appointment.
a paginated list of institutions that the user is affiliated with
The number of results per page (max 100).
The destination airport code or name for which flight options are being retrieved.
The name of the account associated with the application package.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the attendee for whom tags are being listed.
The name of the certificate to verify for the provisioning service.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the MySQL database to be deleted.
The name of the add-on to be updated.
name: The name of the operation resource. This parameter is used to specify the operation to be retrieved or listed, and it can be overridden in service configuration to support different resource name schemes.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the extension to be updated in the users' navigation property.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the 'allowedusers' entity for the specified printer share identified by the given ID.
This operation is only available if you have invoice settlement enabled. The invoice settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes unapplied payments, credit and debit memo, and invoice item settlement. If you want to enable invoice settlement, see [invoice settlement documentation].
The unique ID of the creative field value to be updated.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The API version to be used for the request.
A unique identifier for the client session, used to track interactions within a specific session.
The name of the message template used for SMS communications.
The name of the group to sync.
Retrieve attachments from groups as an array.
returns a list of tags. you can return tags from a specific resource by specifying an arn, or you can return all tags for a given type of resource, such as clusters, snapshots, and so on. the following are limitations for describetags : you cannot specify
An array containing drives associated with the user "me".
The unique identifier for the calendar.
Height of the image to be retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of resources to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the drive item to which the values filter will be applied.
Specifies that only policy assignments directly applied to the resource group (not inherited from parent scopes) should be returned.
The maximum number of field-level encryption profiles to return.
The parameter 'p_feay' is of type number and is used to specify a search criterion for filtering facilities or clusters.
The name of the network watcher instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the container registry.
The offset to be passed to the super method for caching purposes.
filter: optional parameter to specify the filter criteria for issues (e.g., status, labels, etc.)
The name of the resource group where the last msdeploy operation was performed.
The name of the network profile to be deleted.
Ordering criterion for active events within a specified time range.
The parameter 'x-bunq-region' is a string that specifies the region for the tab items collection.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the external billing account definition.
The unique identifier for the refresh operation.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property calls for communications.
Specifies the maximum number of releases to return in the response. Used for pagination.
The unique identifier for the user whose sections are to be retrieved.
Specifies the consistency level for the operation, ensuring data consistency across distributed systems.
Array of ChEMBL assay identifiers.
A unique identifier for the wordlist entry.
The condition to match for deleting the navigation property parentsectiongroup.
The email address associated with the specified item ID.
The unique identifier of the section group to be updated.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
The parameter 'x-api2crm-describe-lifetime' is a string that specifies the lifetime description for the invoice item in the bulk update operation.
The language preference for the user's company, typically represented as a string (e.g., "en", "nl").
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Duration of the trip for best price O&D subscription.
The version of the API being used.
An array of tags associated with movies and trailers that are similar to the given trailer.
The unique identifier for the pool of compute nodes.
filter to apply when retrieving sections from sites
The navigation property to access package assignment policies for identity governance.
Specifies the field by which the routers should be ordered in the aggregated list.
copies a snapshot of a db cluster. to copy a db cluster snapshot from a shared manual db cluster snapshot, sourcedbclustersnapshotidentifier must be the amazon resource name (arn) of the shared db cluster snapshot. you can copy an
The name parameter refers to the resource group name, which is a string used to identify a specific resource group in the server.
The name of the sync group for which logs are being retrieved.
Sort parameter for retrieving a list of featured song lists.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
The name of the peering to be created or updated.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The certificate must not be associated with any existing pools and must not be installed on any compute nodes.
The unique identifier of the dashboard to be deleted.
removes the entire tag set from the specified object. for more information about managing object tags, see object tagging. to use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3 : deleteobjecttagging action. to delete tags of a specific object version, add the versionid query parameter in the request. you will need permission for the s3 : deleteobjectversiontagging action. the following operations are
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The name of the update to resume.
A list of resources, potentially filtered based on specified criteria.
The number of top domains to retrieve.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the custom entity.
Specifies the order in which the ads are sorted.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified group identified by the ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Name of the dashboard to be updated.
The name of the integration account.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the workflow run action.
The unique identifier for the workbook operation to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
filter parameter to specify the date range for listing reservation details
The name of the virtual network to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the entity to be removed from the exception list.
The geographical location where the compute quota is defined.
The page number for the labels list.
The API version string used to identify the specific version of the API endpoint for deleting the specified route table.
The name of the resource group where the network security group will be created or updated.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
Search query for filtering role definitions in privileged access.
The navigation property to be updated, representing the parent section group within the groups.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the app consent request, used to delete the associated navigation property 'userconsentrequests'.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MSK cluster for which you want to retrieve compatible Apache Kafka versions.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event to be forwarded.
A string parameter used to specify a callback function or endpoint that will handle the response when retrieving a single record in JSON-LD format.
The unique identifier for the audit entry related to the site.
The file path where the upload will be stored.
Authentication token used to authorize the update request.
The unique identifier for the question.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the service to be deleted.
The name of the location to check for availability.
searches for ebay items by various query parameters and retrieves summaries of the items. you can search by keyword, category, ebay product id ( epid ), or gtin, charity id, or a combination of these.
The revocation secret used to invalidate the identity (key).
The name parameter is used to specify the name of the sado meteo data entry to search for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The subcategory within the specified category.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the long-running operation to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The identifier for the onenotesection resource.
The unique identifier for the app log collection request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The user identifier for whom the contact email is to be deleted.
The description for the specified namespace.
updates an existing recorder with optional resolution parameter
The version of the API being used.
The API version for the request.
The current status of the package, represented as an integer.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The API version of the policy descriptions.
The parameter 'key' is a string used to identify the list actions.
The search query to filter tweets by.
The page number for pagination.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the call.
The parent parameter is a string that specifies the parent identifier for retrieving a list of products.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the profile.
The height of the size in pixels.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the workspace.
The organization whose repositories' forks are to be listed.
The name of the virtual machine to start.
The namespace of the project file to be updated.
Name of the host group for the dedicated host
The version of the API to use.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the media services account.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuits.
The API version used for the request.
A string parameter that specifies the callback function to be invoked after data retrieval.
The number of search results to return in the response.
returns a list of backups available for every partition in this service fabric service. the server enumerates all the backups available in the backup store configured in the backup policy. it also allows filtering of the result based on start and end datetime or just fetching the latest available backup
Filter assignments based on specified criteria.
lists the details of all code scanning analyses for a repository, starting with the most recent. the response is paginated and you can use the ` page ` and ` per _ page ` parameters to list the analyses you're interested in. by default 30 analyses are listed per page. the ` rules _ count ` field in the response gives the number of rules that were run in the analysis. for very old analyses this data is not available, and ` 0 ` is returned in this field. you must use an access token with the ` security _ events `
Gets the list of applications deployed on a Service Fabric node. The results do not include information about deployed system applications unless explicitly queried for by ID. The results encompass deployed applications in active, activating, and downloading states. This query requires that the node name corresponds to a node on the cluster.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MWAA environment.
Threshold value used to determine overlap between iterations.
The metadata to be updated for the mail, typically including fields like subject, labels, or other attributes associated with the mail's information.
Search for premium stock video content, including archival film and contemporary 4K/HD footage, using specified fields to control response details.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Authorization token for accessing the API.
Number of public keys to return per page
Maximum number of changes to return
The unique identifier for the group.
The version of the API being used for registering cluster packages.
Displays an image of a page in a document, highlighting changes.
Search for entries related to construction permits with a total project value.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
Bearer token used for authentication with the Amazon Connect Participant Service API. This token is required instead of the participant token when invoking the API and is used to establish a secure connection.
The unique identifier for the product whose associated APIs are to be listed.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the life insurance policy.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Dev Spaces controller is located.
The phone number from which the call was made.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the navigation property line in workbooks.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
list repositories that the authenticated user has explicit permission (read, write, or admin) to access for an installation. The authenticated user has explicit permission to access repositories they own, repositories where they are a collaborator, and repositories that they can access through an organization membership. You must use a user-to-server OAuth access token.
Retrieve calendar permissions associated with the current user, returning an array of permission details.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Sort order for the list of pre-receive hooks.
The navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in identitygovernance that needs to be updated, identified by the accesspackageresource ID.
The version of the API used to restart the code package.
The name of the event source to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The current state of the user's projects.
The unique identifier of the API to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the content category to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the conversation thread.
The unique identifier for the dataset.
The version of the API for which the single sign-on token is being retrieved.
Specifies whether the job schedule is enabled.
The unique identifier for the drive.
The API version used for the request.
The geographical location for which cluster code versions are to be listed.
text to translate into starwars mandalorian language
A unique identifier for the client operation, used to ensure atomic updates to the resourcerecordset collection.
The identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The parameter 'type' is a string that specifies the type of provider for which information is being retrieved.
The credit option for CPU usage of the specified burstable performance instances. The credit options are standard and unlimited. If no instance ID is specified, Amazon EC2 returns burstable performance instances with the unlimited credit option, as well as instances previously configured as t2, t3, and t3a with the unlimited credit option.
The API version to use for the request.
Retrieve an array of hosted contents from teams.
Specifies the start date for the query, represented as an integer.
The name of the entry to search for.
Number of records to return per page.
The name of the basket.
Start date for filtering orders by creation date.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier of the application for which logs are to be deleted.
list of cities, possibly filtered
The timeout duration in seconds for the upgrade domain to transition to the next domain.
Number of public keys to return per page
The requested infrastructure role description.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
Updates the value of a feature flag or setting using JSON Patch operations in a specified environment. Only the `value`, `rolloutRules`, and `percentageRules` attributes can be modified.
The parent parameter specifies the conversation ID to list messages for.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
Specifies the feed type, schema version, and filter criteria for the order report.
latitude parameter represents the geographical latitude of the location for radiation exposure estimation.
The multivalueLegacyExtendedProperty ID to retrieve.
Specifies the condition for matching the certificate.
The navigation property pages in users that needs to be updated, identified by the specified onenotepage ID.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the results by.
The unique identifier of the list item associated with the drive item.
The section group ID to update the media content for the navigation property pages in users.
The name of the resource group containing the cloud endpoint to be deleted.
number of entries to skip for pagination
Text parameter describing the locations to retrieve.
The Azure SignalR Service location for which usage quotas are being listed.
Maximum latitude value to limit the search results.
Indicates whether the person is marked as a favorite.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of the car to search for.
The parameter description is: each interval can produce up to 5 values if they are unique, including the first value, the last value, the highest value, the lowest value, and at most one exceptional point (bad status or digital state).
The unique identifier for the advanced threat protection onboarding device setting state.
The unique identifier for the managed blockchain network.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested information.
The realm parameter specifies the target environment or instance for the authorization request.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property sections for sites.
The page number for pagination.
Generates a thumbnail image with the specified width and height. By default, the service analyzes the image to identify the region of interest (ROI) and generates smart cropping coordinates based on the ROI. Smart cropping is useful when the requested aspect ratio differs from the input image's aspect ratio. A successful response returns the thumbnail image in binary format. If the request fails, the response includes an error code and a message indicating the cause of the failure.
The unique identifier for the application associated with the firewall rule.
The version of the API being used.
Lists check suites for a commit `ref`. The `ref` can be a SHA, branch name, or a tag name. GitHub Apps must have the `checks:read` permission on a private repository or pull access to a public repository to use this endpoint.
Retrieve the parent device management entity from the device management system.
Specifies the continuation token for retrieving the next set of results in a paginated response.
The maximum number of results to return.
The unique identifier for the project to be deactivated.
The unique identifier of the site.
The navigation property 'parentsection' for the specified site will be deleted.
The AWS account ID to be deleted.
The name of the subnet to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the bill being amended.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcerole in identity governance.
number of windows hostings to take
Specifies caching behavior for the request.
The API version to use for the request.
number of articles to retrieve per page
Specifies the order in which the resourcescopes should be returned.
The unique identifier for the shared insight to be unmerged.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for nested data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the project file.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
Minimum length of the entity to be annotated
Specifies the condition to match for deleting a product.
The name of the route table to retrieve.
The height of the studio image.
The API version to use for the request.
number of photos to retrieve
The type of object to be deleted.
Ordering parameter for the detected apps list, specifying the field to sort by.
The name of the namespace for which authorization rules are being retrieved.
Retrieve a list of calendar views for the user.
The name of the application gateway for which the backend health is being retrieved.
The Cloud SQL instance identifier.
Retrieve user PFX certificates from the device management system.
The version of the API used to retrieve the database's automatic tuning configuration.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for the list of agents installed on EC2 instances within the specified assessment target.
The unique identifier for the application.
The maximum number of results to return in a single page.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the site extension.
The current state of the user's projects.
The 'itemactivityold' parameter is a string that represents the identifier for an old item activity record in the drives system.
Start time for the interval to count events per session.
The navigation property sections in me
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the device whose cloud property values are to be retrieved.
returns all users on a site. this method returns a list of users. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the user object : - reputation - reputation - creation - creation _ date - name - display _ name - modified - last _ modified _ date reputation is the default sort. it is possible to create moderately complex queries using sort, min, max, fromdate, and todate. the inname parameter lets consumers filter the results down to just those users with a certain substring in their display name. for example, inname = kevin will return
A unique code representing the family variant.
The navigation property 'picture' in the 'financials' entity is updated with the provided sales order ID.
The parameter description is: This only replaces the pool properties specified in the request. For example, if the pool has a start task associated with it, and a request does not specify a start task element, then the pool keeps the existing start task.
The maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the configuration upgrade process to complete before timing out.
Array of user details to be included in the response
The unique identifier for the subscription to be deleted.
possible options for fields of the type "metadata" can be acquired by adding `/metadata` to the post URL.
Search query to filter multivalueextendedproperties for the current user.
The unique identifier for the device.
The unique identifier of the application for which the GCM channel is being enabled or updated.
The name of the TLS route to be updated.
The name of the dedicated host group to be deleted.
The number of records to return per page.
The name of the function for which function keys are being retrieved.
The region associated with the specified resource policy.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the network interface.
Lists all notifications for the current user, sorted by most recently updated.
The name of the workflow trigger.
Indicates whether the request is a dry run.
The unique identifier for the AdSense account.
width of the place overlay in pixels
The name of the service associated with the subscription.
The maximum number of results to return per request.
The navigation property that links a section to its parent notebook.
list information about processes made by or on behalf of a user, such as process type and current status
The version of the API used for the operation.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the volume is located.
Filter participants by mute status.
The name of the machine learning workspace to be updated.
The name of the custom domain to be created.
response policy rules associated with a project
The number of records to skip for the pagination of the result set.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the peering to update.
The name of the category to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the scale unit node to be shut down.
The number of results per page (max 100).
The base price for the rate plan, which can be updated only if the rate plan is active and already loaded for the specified business day.
The unique identifier for a section group.
Retrieve a list of resource actions associated with role management.
The version of the API being used for the integration account configuration.
The maximum number of results to return.
Delete a reaction to a team discussion.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the major purchase.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task folder.
The integer parameter specifies the page number for navigating through the results when exploring a filer's characteristics over time.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used.
A token to resume pagination from a previous request.
The parameter describes the retrieval of payment account identifiers along with their booking balance information, based on previously granted consent. It assumes that the PSU has already provided consent, which is stored on the ASPSP system. The specific list of accounts returned depends on the PSU's identity and either the consent ID or the OAuth2 access token used. This endpoint returns all account identifiers for which access has been authorized through the /consent process.
The unique identifier for the user in the directory.
Filter to apply to sections retrieval.
The contact ID to delete the navigation property extensions for users.
The unique identifier for the job being updated.
Specifies the token to retrieve the next page of results for a paginated request. If no token is provided, the first page of results is returned.
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the company account in the financials navigation property.
The unique identifier for the section group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
A list of related objects to include in the response with the customers.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the arista switch data source.
The unique identifier for the journal allocation record.
Specifies the route table to be retrieved.
The page number for pagination, indicating which page of results to retrieve.
An array containing details about the performance of applications on devices, as part of user experience analytics within device management.
The unique identifier for the term from which to retrieve children.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The name of the resource group that contains the API diagnostic configuration.
A comma-separated list of fields to include in the response.
The date when the word file entry was last changed.
An array of objects representing occurrences of scheduled shows.
page number of the results to return (1-indexed)
The version of the API being used.
The API version identifier as a string.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter specifies the search criteria for retrieving either facilities or clusters.
The duration of the timespan for which splash login attempts are being listed, specified in integer format.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The name of the source resource group that contains the resources to be moved.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request within the system.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the order in which gift card activities are sorted.
The unique identifier for the user whose subscription details are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose sections are being retrieved.
The name of the load balancer for which outbound rules are being retrieved.
The number of subscriptions to skip.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ETag value to ensure the resource is unchanged during the operation.
An array containing linked resources associated with users.
The unique identifier of the starting point for retrieving spot lists.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment schedule.
Retrieves a list of all payroll period data for all active employments within a specified payroll period and payroll administration. Payroll period data is associated with a single payroll period.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version used for validating the custom domain mapping to ensure it correctly points to the CDN endpoint in DNS.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Specifies the field by which to sort the snapshot resources.
The unique identifier for the user.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the charts by.
The navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes for identitygovernance is being deleted. The parameter 'accesspackageassignmentresourcerole' is of type string and uniquely identifies the resource role in the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the store.
Filters the results, based on a boolean condition.
The unique identifier of the global network to be deleted.
The provider of the links in the global network.
The name of the media services account where the content key policy will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the managed app policy.
Authorization token for authentication.
The version of the API being used.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id.
returns a list of configuration items for the specified resource, including details about each state during the specified time interval. If a retention period (between 30 days and 2557 days) is set, Config returns configuration items within that period. The response is paginated with a default limit of 10 items per page, which can be adjusted using the `limit` parameter. A `nextToken` string is included in the response to enable retrieval of subsequent pages.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property settings related to identity governance.
The 'expand' parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Sets the error count parameter to 0. Requires device ID, monitor class, and monitor SID. Device ID can be retrieved using the /hardware/devices service. Monitor class and monitor SID can be obtained via the /hardware/device-monitors/{deviceid} service (e.g., path: "/ms_hw_main/10025150", where "ms_hw_main" is the monitor class and "10025150" is the monitor SID).
The navigation property 'childfolders' for the user with ID 'id1' will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
expand: array parameter to include additional details in the response
the batch service immediately moves the job to the disabling state. batch then uses the disabletasks parameter to determine what to do with the currently running tasks of the job. the job remains in the disabling state until the disable operation is completed and all tasks have been dealt with according to the disabletasks option; the job then moves to the disabled state. no new tasks are started under the job until it moves back to active state. if you try to disable a job that is in any state other than active, the operation will fail.
The unique identifier of the unified role management policy for which navigation property rules are to be deleted.
Specifies the token for the next page of results.
The format of the news content.
The report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported.
An array representing the gender facets available in the Zalando API.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The field parameter is an array used to specify the fields to be included in the search query. If no fields are specified, the default fields will be used for the search.
The navigation property 'buckets' in users, which is linked to the planner bucket by its unique identifier.
The date when the entry was last changed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the web job to start.
The name of the resource group that contains the share subscription.
The unique identifier for the drive item (workbook) from which to retrieve data labels.
Filter criteria for role assignments at a specific scope.
A string representing a UUID, which will be parsed to determine its version and validity.
The domain for which the contact email verification is to be re-sent.
Count of gene types for the specified species and date.
The parameter 'project' is a string that specifies the identifier of the resource policy to be retrieved.
Specifies whether to include jurisdiction information in the response.
Number of devices to skip
A unique identifier for the project associated with the new transaction.
The unique identifier of the comment to which the reaction is being added.
filter parameter to specify criteria for listing suspensions associated with a specific execution
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
Specifies the application of the scope usage details, applicable only for data from May 1, 2014, onwards.
The unique identifier of the enterprise.
Retrieve a list of trending items or content based on user activity or preferences.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
A pagination token that can be used in a subsequent request to return the next set of results.
Defines voicemail access permissions for a user.
The unique identifier for the iOS managed app protection configuration.
The version of the API to stop the deployment for.
The identifier of the authorization server to retrieve details for.
Authentication token for accessing the enterprise organization's channels.
The unique identifier of the subscription containing the dashboards.
The name of the virtual hub for which the details of all hub virtual network connections are retrieved.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The name of the network security group.
The unique identifier of the edit.
The number of section groups to retrieve.
The navigation property offershiftrequests in teams is updated with the specified offershiftrequest ID.
An array of access package resources retrieved from the identity governance system.
The name of the workflow to retrieve run actions for.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The name parameter specifies the identifier for the application settings to be replaced.
The cache parameter is an integer that specifies the caching behavior for the request.
The navigation property representing the picture associated with financials, identified by a unique string ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of top financial pictures to retrieve.
Number of sections to skip
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The page number of the results to fetch.
The version of the API being used.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters are supported across resources, including `filter` syntax as described in Overview of the Filter Language.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID of the onenotesection to be deleted.
The name of the virtual network rule.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the application resource to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the device.
The name of the managed cluster resource.
The name of the front door to be created.
Retrieves metric values from the device management system.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' associated with the specified workbook chart will be removed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of files to list per page.
search query to retrieve pages from sites
The name of the deployment to retrieve.
Specifies whether to include the client request ID in the response.
The email address of the customer to retrieve.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group containing the API Management service.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the education school entity for which the navigation property 'administrativeunit' reference is to be deleted.
The project identifier for which permissions are being checked.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the express route circuit.
Number of webhooks to return per page
Specifies the date before which subscription schedules should end.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Authentication token for accessing the organization's planning levels data.
The outputs parameter specifies the configuration details for the workflow extension step, typically defining the data or results produced by the step.
The unique identifier for the group whose role is to be retrieved.
The name of the service to be deleted.
The list of tags attached to the specified OpenID Connect (OIDC)-compatible identity provider, sorted by tag key.
List call recordings of an account.
The name of the network watcher instance.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the website or domain.
An array of fields or resources to include in the response, expanding the data returned for each event.
Number of items to skip for the current page
The key used to retrieve the output, which is typically 'archive' for jobs generating a DICOMDIR media or a zip archive.
The number of hours for which the timeseries forecast is to be generated.
page number for navigating through the results of a candidate's characteristics over time, organized by candidate ID
API version string
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the webinar organizer.
The name of the job to be executed.
The state in which the venues are located.
filter parameter to specify criteria for aggregating target instances
The unique identifier for the live stream in HLS format.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the service instance.
Ordering criteria for the localizations retrieved from agreements.
The name of the private link scope to be deleted.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The unique identifier of the entity to be marked as blacklisted or not.
The parameter 'x - api2crm - data - actual - at' is a string used to count all comments from the system.
Returns information about application types provisioned or being provisioned in the Service Fabric cluster, including name, version, status, and other details. The response is paginated, with a continuation token provided for retrieving subsequent pages if necessary.
The unique identifier for the employer.
The name of the service associated with the user identities.
The name of the namespace for which the primary and secondary connection strings are retrieved.
lists operations that match the specified filter in the request. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `unimplemented`. the `name` binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. to override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `"
The unique identifier of the site for which the navigation property to section groups is being created.
The DVD season identifier for the series.
The unique identifier for the organizer to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property instances are to be deleted.
The number of sections to retrieve from the sites.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the integration.
The parameter 'printershare - id' is a string that identifies the printer to be retrieved from the print service.
Enables the data synchronization from API to CRM system.
The name of the organization from which the user is to be removed.
The unique identifier of the planner bucket associated with the task board format.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the user whose notebooks are being retrieved.
duration in minutes
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group from which extensions are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user.
Specifies the criteria to filter the content of the appd of on-boarded individual application package resources.
Search query to filter mdmWindowsInformationProtectionPolicies.
The hostname to retrieve the binding for.
The name of the Lambda layer.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The quality level of the item, represented as an integer.
Indicates whether the step execution is active.
The number of recent plans to retrieve for the user.
The unique identifier of the plugin to be disabled.
The unique identifier for the billing profile.
The name of the workflow to be validated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The fields selected for the analysis category.
The unique identifier of the team.
Indicates whether the request should support sharing files or shared drives.
Specifies the format of the output data, such as JSON or XML, for the shortest or fastest path results between specified origin and destination points.
API version as a string, representing the version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the network resource.
Specifies the ETag value to compare with the current ETag of the resource. If the ETag has not changed, the response will be a 304 (Not Modified).
The unique identifier of the profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified user with ID 'onenotesection' will be removed.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API used for synchronizing the web application repository.
The region for which the access control policy is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the drive item (such as a file or folder) in the workbook context.
The API version as a string.
The client's company name, which is open to all messages.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Parameter description: Specifies the search criteria for facilities or clusters.
Name of the service type
The parameter 'key' is a string used to specify the search term or query for the getsearch function.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the workbook table to be cleared.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API key used for authenticating and updating billing details.
The unique identifier for the education further indication to retrieve.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for nested data to be retrieved.
submits quota change request for a resource provider for the specified location for the specific resource in the parameter. to use, first make a get request to get quota information. this information consists of a list of resources and information regarding those resources. for all the resources in that list which require an update to their quotas, update their limit fields in the response from the get request to their new values. then, submit this updated json object to this quota request api. this will update the quota to the values specified. the location header in the response will be used to track the
The name of the resource group where the container registry is located.
Whether to watch for changes to the objects
Specifies the maximum number of events to return in a single call. If not specified, the default is 100 events.
The maximum number of results to return.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the exception occurrence.
The unique identifier for the organizational unit.
The sectiongroup ID to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the site whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
maximum number of results to return
filter [ name ] is a string parameter used to specify the name of the system package for which details are to be retrieved based on the provided inventory ID.
The project associated with the response policy rule.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The number of entities to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier for the recovery point to be revoked.
Filter to retrieve specific notebooks from groups based on criteria.
The name of the API management service instance to delete the API from.
The name of the media services account where the streaming locator will be created.
Specifies the condition for matching when no match is found.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property items for shares.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in the 'me' resource, which represents the notebook that contains the section. The value is a string representing the unique identifier of the parent notebook.
The unique identifier for the device health script.
The unique identifier of the release asset to be edited.
The name of the environment to be terminated.
The name of the resource group.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The name of the route table to retrieve.
The operator used to evaluate the coupon condition (e.g., "equals", "greater_than", "contains").
Gets the health state of a service fabric application, filtering health events based on specified health states and overriding cluster health policies.
The unique identifier for the profile whose performance results are being requested.
The unique identifier for the organization from which the member will be removed.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with groups.
The unique identifier for the vehicle whose battery information is being retrieved.
The name parameter specifies the cluster name for the attached database configuration.
Aggregate value for opportunities based on actual data from API to CRM synchronization.
The number of facilities associated with a block, property, or room.
An array of Intune branding profiles retrieved from the device management system.
number of results per page (max 100)
The unique identifier for the server TLS policy.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property monthlyprintusagebyprinter associated with reports.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The unique identifier for the call record to be deleted.
page number for pagination
API key used for authentication to access the contact methods of a user, with a rate limit of 60 calls per minute.
attribute can be topic, interval, count, sent, pre, post, properties ( list of publish properties ), properties. i ( i - th publish property ), properties. prop - name ( publish property with name prop - name )
Number of top attachments to retrieve
The region for which the list of commitments is to be retrieved.
The parameter 'b2xidentityuserflow-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a B2X identity user flow. This ID is used to retrieve specific override pages associated with the user flow.
The unique identifier for the shared insight.
The parameter description is: The IP range or EC2 security group to authorize access for the Redshift cluster.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the mobile app relationship.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving data, typically used to paginate through large datasets.
Filter to apply on the multivalueextendedproperties.
suggests documents in the index that match the given partial query text
The ID of the enrollment configuration assignment to be updated.
Specifies the number of records to skip for pagination purposes.
The job ID associated with the task.
lists all the versions of a resource (including the current version and deleted versions) from the FHIR store. Implements the per-resource form of the FHIR standard history interaction.
The unique identifier for the user whose instances are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
List of fields to facet on for diseases associated with orthologs of a gene.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The geographical area or zone associated with the resource.
The unique identifier for the drive item to be cleared.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The navigation property to pages for groups, identified by the unique string ID 'onenotesection'.
The start date of the project milestone.
An array of image numbers associated with electronic filings, used for referencing scanned documents related to campaign finance submissions.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional information to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
A token used for pagination, which specifies the starting point for the next set of results.
The maximum number of locales to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the group of services.
The policy to apply when deleting the deployment.
The mx parameter is used to specify the mail exchange server domain for email routing and delivery.
The parameter describes the process of importing MySQL databases into Amazon RDS using backup files stored in Amazon S3, enabling migration from on-premises databases to a new RDS MySQL instance.
The project associated with the group memberships being searched.
This operation is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.
The name of the person who added the word.
API version string
Specifies the order in which the results are returned, based on the specified property.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the packet capture session to query.
The IP address associated with the ipalias to be stopped.
The value used to identify a specific partition within a service fabric service.
used to replace multiple cards in a batch
The source code host from which repositories are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose exception occurrences are being retrieved.
The email address associated with the personally identifiable information (PII) to retrieve the corresponding Systems Manager device ID(s).
The number of decimal places used for the unit currency.
The unique identifier of the parent notebook to be updated for the user.
Retrieve the entity from the applicationtemplates collection using the specified key.
The parameter 'take' is an integer that specifies the number of application version models to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the managed device mobile app configuration assignment.
The version of the API being used.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage API calls.
The version of the API to use for the request.
An array of events associated with the user, expanded to include additional details.
The number of top awards to retrieve from users.
The identifier of the authorization server whose details are to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
A unique identifier for the request.
Returns a timeseries of bytes difference absolute sums for a specified MediaWiki project, page title (with canonical namespace), and date range, with optional filtering by editor type (all, anonymous, bot, user) and granularity (daily or monthly).
Indicates whether to return the count of tables in the workbooks.
search query for retrieving bundles from drives
Number of records to skip for the current result set.
The maximum number of performance metrics to retrieve.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the certificate purchase order.
The unique identifier for the unified role definition.
The unique identifier for the location whose services are to be deleted.
Indicates whether the response should include the client request ID.
Creates a new navigation property to exceptionOccurrences for the specified calendar group identified by ID.
The ID of the section group to be linked as a navigation property for users.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used, which is a string value.
The week number corresponding to the closing betting lines.
The name of the resource group.
The text to be checked for style and grammar issues using LanguageTool.
A valid authentication token required to access the user's contact notifications.
The name of the event hub endpoint in the IoT hub.
The timestamp in ticks when the video stream should start.
resizes the regional managed instance group with advanced configuration options like disabling creation retries. this is an extended version of the resize method. if you increase the size, the group creates new instances using the current instance template. if you decrease the size, the group deletes one or more instances. the resize operation is marked done if the resize request is successful. the underlying actions take additional time. you must separately verify the status of the creating or deleting
The maximum number of records to return in the response. If not specified, the default is 100.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of pages to retrieve
Indicates whether the Twilio webhook is enabled for the conversation user.
The name of the group to which the service belongs.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites that belongs to the specified notebook.
Number of items to return per page
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Name of the web site, deployment slot, or scaled-out instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user whose messages are being retrieved.
Retrieve single value extended properties from groups.
The name of the resource group where the container registry is located.
The unique identifier for the function to retrieve associated resolvers.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for executing the schedule.
Name of the security solution for which security analytics are being performed.
The authorization code used to exchange for an ID token or access token.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of exception occurrences in the groups.
The name of the origin to be updated within the endpoint.
Specifies the number of items to skip before starting to collect the result set.
The unique identifier for the system used to manage roles.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the integration account to be deleted.
The version to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of messages to skip
The navigation property font in workbooks is updated for the specified workbook worksheet identified by the given ID.
The version of the API to be used in the build step.
The name of the hybrid connection to be created.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the API.
A JSONP callback function name to wrap the response.
The username associated with the access key, if not provided, is determined implicitly from the access key ID.
Indicates whether the secret should be exported.
The parent parameter is a string that identifies the parent category or group to which the products belong.
The format of the output data, such as JSON, XML, or plain text.
The name of the connection monitor to retrieve.
The unique identifier for your application, required to authenticate API requests.
The 'if-match' parameter is used to ensure that the deletion operation only proceeds if the current state of the resource matches the ETag provided. This helps prevent conflicts in concurrent updates.
The unique identifier for the portfolio to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the trigger for which the callback URL is being retrieved.
The deployment slot for the web app.
The unique identifier for the assigned item instance.
Filter criteria for retrieving single value extended properties from users.
The unique identifier for the application package to be activated.
A filter to apply on the operation.
The number of items to return per page.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter 'if-match' is used to ensure optimistic concurrency control by specifying the current ETag value of the resource.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A string representing the token used to identify and rerun a previously uploaded planning level.
The parameter 'view' is a string that specifies the version to be listed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property versions in the drive that corresponds to the specified list item version ID.
Specifies the fields to be included in the response, allowing for selective retrieval of data.
List the reactions to a team discussion comment. OAuth access tokens require the `read:discussion` scope.
The output parameter describes the result returned by the API, which can be either an array of facilities or an array of clusters based on the search criteria provided.
The unique identifier for the placement strategy.
Returns contracts available to a character, only if the character is issuer, acceptor or assignee. Only returns contracts no older than 30 days, or if the status is "in progress".
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the service for which the logger is being created or updated.
The unique identifier for the organization whose billing amount is to be retrieved.
Specifies the branch name for which protection rules are applied.
The name of the public certificate associated with the hostname binding to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the application gateway to start.
Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the exception occurrences.
An array of calendar details to be expanded in the response.
Indicates whether user data is enabled for live TV EPGs.
returns aggregate for projects
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier of the cluster to resume.
The version of the API being used.
The user-agent string used to identify the client or application making the request.
lists the folders that are direct descendants of supplied parent resource. list provides a strongly consistent view of the folders underneath the specified parent resource. list returns folders sorted based upon the ( ascending ) lexical ordering of their display _ name. the caller must have ` resourcemanager
The name of the provisioning service used to add or update a certificate.
The position at which to add the items in the playlist.
Retrieve a list of policies related to information protection.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the dismiss reminder action.
The unique identifier for the patient's attachment.
Returns gene IDs for genes associated with a specific anatomy, filtered by the specified taxon. The parameter 'direct_taxon' is a boolean indicating whether to include only direct associations with the taxon.
Specifies the user to be deleted based on a match condition.
The version of the API used for deleting the managed application definition.
The navigation property accesspackageassignmentpolicies in identitygovernance is updated with the specified accesspackageassignmentrequest ID.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the site whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
The name of the person who wrote the quote.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The name of the resource group that contains the agent pool.
used to view rewards
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
lists operations that match the specified filter in the request. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns ` unimplemented `. note : the ` name ` binding allows api services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as ` users / * / operations `. to override the binding, api services can add a binding such as ` " / v1 / { name = users / * } / operations " ` to their service configuration. for backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id
The parameter 'login' is a string used to authenticate and retrieve all product option values.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property tasks.
Retrieve a list of Windows Information Protection network learning summaries from the device management system.
The name of the Kusto cluster.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The date used for FAPI authentication.
The API version to be used for the request.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional information to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
The API version to use for the request.
Indicates whether the request should be validated without actually creating the connect attachment.
The navigation property font in workbooks
An array of source collections to be expanded in the response.
The ID of the event to be linked or updated in the users' navigation property.
The project identifier for which permissions are being evaluated.
The unique identifier for the partition that has been suspended from taking periodic backups.
Name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group containing the certificate orders.
The ID of the collection to retrieve articles from.
lists a collection of the members of the group, specified by its identifier
The unique identifier for the message to which the reply is being created.
Retrieve the parent section group associated with the current user.
The name of the resource group associated with the operation.
An array of security baseline states retrieved from users.
The `committee_id` parameter is used to retrieve the most recent information about a specific committee or filer.
The episode parameter is used to specify the episode in the search query for full-text search on episodes, podcasts, or curated lists of podcasts.
filter parameter to specify the scope for listing charges
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the container within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The background color for the preview image, specified as a hex color code (e.g., #FFFFFF).
The image to be analyzed, either uploaded directly or specified by a URL.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user to be disabled.
The year for which the daily report is to be retrieved.
The starting index for retrieving diseases associated with a case.
The unique identifier for the group.
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or detailed information about the cloud app security profiles.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The name parameter specifies the unique identifier for the job that you want to enable.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
summarizes policy states for the resources under the management group
A unique identifier that is used to track the request.
The budget name used to retrieve the corresponding budget for a subscription.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The name of the certificate to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The name of the view to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the public IP address.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
An array of filters to apply to the report data.
The job ID is a unique identifier generated when a vehicle routing problem is submitted to the batch mode URL. It is used to retrieve the solution from the solution endpoint after the computation is complete.
Number of offershiftrequests to retrieve from teams
The visibility of the projects to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the application.
The number of vendors to return per page.
page number for pagination
The unique identifier for the compute node pool.
The name of the certificate order for which domain ownership is being verified.
Returns an array of minor gridlines from the workbooks.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id, however overriding is supported.
The role of the user being invited to the organization.
The type of resource associated with the event.
The API version for the deployment template.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the details to include in the response, such as associated route table entries and routes.
The unique identifier for the payroll run.
A comma-separated list of fields to include in the response.
number of items to display per page
Specifies the number of results to return.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Description of the entry, typically a brief summary or explanation of the quandl series.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the topic type to retrieve information about.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
The name of the resource group containing the DDoS protection plans.
The name of the fabric network to retrieve.
The parameter p_sep_val is a string used to separate values in the search criteria for retrieving case information.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage.
The unique identifier of the access package resource scope to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
The user agent string identifying the client application or system making the request to the bunq API.
The ID of the sectiongroup to be updated in the navigation property of users.
The name of the security entry to be deleted.
The region parameter specifies the geographical location of the router resource.
The name of the resource group where the media services account is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the journal entry in the financials system.
The unique identifier for the user's workspace.
The API version for listing all volumes within the capacity pool.
Search parameter for entries of type campaign expenditures, specifically targeting the recipient field in the database.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier (ID) of the access package assignment policy.
The maximum number of assessment target ARNs to return.
enables or disables the custom mail from domain setup for a verified identity ( an email address or a domain ). to send emails using the specified mail from domain, you must add an mx record to your mail from domain's dns settings. if you want your emails to pass
The number of tracks that have not been played.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the device to be deleted.
The parameter description is: string
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property progresstaskboardformat is to be deleted.
The term used for generating facets.
Order by parameter for sorting the extensions list.
The color used as the background for the item.
The unique identifier for the project containing the cluster to be stopped.
The parameter describes the ID of the OneNote section to which the action will be copied.
Specifies the field by which the call instruction records should be sorted.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Number of multivalue extended properties to retrieve from users
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
A token that specifies the starting position of the next page of results.
Specifies the continuation token for pagination, used to retrieve the next set of results in a multi-page response.
The parameter 'checkitemstates' is of type string and is used to specify the states of items to be checked, typically in a context involving member cards or related data retrieval.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in the identity governance context.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The reference to the administrative unit from the education context.
Determines whether the search for movies and trailers similar to a given trailer should be performed recursively.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for the specified event ID.
The unique identifier for the notebook to be copied.
A search term to filter classifications by name.
The unique identifier of the group whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
Indicates whether deleted iOS apps should be included in the response.
The region where the resource policy will be applied.
The version of the API to use for retrieving the current network topology by resource group.
The parameter 'onenotesection' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a specific OneNote section.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The version of the API being used.
Indicates whether the request is a dry run. If true, the request will be validated but no actual changes will be made.
Specifies the action to perform on the recording files, such as deleting all recordings associated with a meeting.
The name of the bucket for which the default object ACL entry is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the version being created.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier used by Zuora to track the payment transaction.
Number of records to skip for pagination
The name of the route table from which the specified route is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
page number of the results to show
error stacktrace details
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the parent organization or entity that the developer is associated with.
Indicates whether the request was successfully processed by the client.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the advisor from which recommended actions are to be retrieved.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of a drive item, specifically used to reference the workbook for which the navigation property 'font' is being deleted.
The name of the route rule to be updated.
Retrieve column links from the specified sites, returning the result as an array.
The name of the resource group for the sync group.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return.
The language setting for the user's notes in the bunq system.
The API version of the account.
The unique identifier for the smart group.
The user ID to retrieve associated addresses.
used to manage text notes
Search query to filter content types from the drive.
number of records to skip for the result set
Specifies the number of results per page (max 100).
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the application in the Apideck system.
The parameter describes an array of created objects retrieved from service principals.
Start date for searching entries, formatted as a string.
The name of the workspace to which the run belongs.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of policies.
The parameter describes the date and time when a message was received, formatted as a string.
The filter parameter allows you to narrow down the list of policy assignments based on specific criteria. Valid values for $filter include 'atScope()' or 'policyDefinitionId eq {value}'. If no filter is provided, the response returns all policy assignments associated with the resource, including those that apply directly or through inheritance.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the user whose extensions are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials.
The name parameter represents the specific location for which the updated lodging information is being retrieved.
The value of the if-match header to ensure the operation is performed only if the resource's ETag matches the provided value.
A string parameter used for pagination, indicating the ID of the last mark retrieved in the previous request to fetch the next set of results in descending chronological order.
The parameter 'syncgroupname' is a string used to identify and recall a specific server endpoint.
The name of the container service.
An array of format configurations for workbooks.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Search string for filtering the results.
The Azure region where the subscription is located, used to determine location-specific security recommendations.
token for retrieving the next page of results
list all comments on a team discussion. oauth access tokens require the ` read : discussion ` scope. note: you can also specify a team by ` org_id ` and ` team_id ` using the route ` get /organizations/{org_id}/teams/{team_id}/discussions/{discussion_number}/comments`.
page number for pagination
The unique identifier for the post to be forwarded.
The name of the action associated with the workflow run expression trace.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The unique identifier for the channel.
A token to retrieve the next set of results.
The parent of the control to be created.
The unique identifier for the access package.
The parameter describes a navigation property reference to definitions for device management, specifically linking to a group policy category identified by a unique string ID.
filter parameter to specify geography-based criteria for listing report records
Search query to filter assignments in device app management.
The name of the server configuration being retrieved.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The top parameter specifies the number of results to return in the search endpoint summary.
The maximum number of subscription events to return.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of a drive item, which is used to specify the workbook for which the minor gridlines navigation property will be deleted.
The version of the RubyGems package to test for issues.
The parameter describes the geolocation associated with a specific recurring SDD whitelist entry in the bunq system.
The zone in which the project is located.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the HTTPS or TLS listener from which the certificate will be removed.
Specifies whether the operation should only proceed if the resource's ETag matches the provided value, enabling optimistic concurrency control.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Kubernetes cluster to be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of creditnotes to return per page.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
The unique identifier for the store.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the iOS managed app protection configuration.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of rules to return in the response.
The name of the integration account certificate.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the node.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group that contains the DDoS protection plan.
Updates PSU data on the signing basket resource if needed, potentially authorizing the signing basket within the embedded SCA approach when required. Supports selection of authentication methods and non-SCA PSU authentication independently of the SCA approach. Allows multiple update PSU data requests during a consent request based on the SCA approach, such as in the redirect SCA approach.
The name of the application.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query terms; prefix with "not" to exclude terms.
The name of the billing account associated with the invoice section.
The name of the member.
The unique identifier for the governance role setting to be updated in the privileged access context.
The unique identifier for the contact whose role assignments are being listed.
The unique identifier of the event associated with the navigation property attachments for groups.
The number of records to return per page.
The resource name of the instance, in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}/instances/{instance}.
The unique identifier for the relation in the term store.
The version of the API to use.
Search term for retrieving extensions from the user.
The start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The environment key used to identify the specific environment for managing expiring user targets.
The unique identifier for the place to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether to hide null values in the sort results.
The date used to filter templates, typically in a format such as YYYY-MM-DD.
The name of the managed database to restore.
The name of the hub associated with the specified interaction.
The enterprise identifier.
Retrieve the run summary from the device management system.
The navigation property 'pages' in the 'onenotesection' resource for the current user.
The relationship or association between a model and its phenotypes.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Returns a list of all concept employees associated with the specified employer ID. Concept employees serve as templates or prefill data for creating new employees or employment records. This function is useful when not all required fields are available for a new employee/employment, as concept employees bypass validation, allowing creation with only a subset of fields.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user requesting similar items.
The unique identifier for the employer, publicly visible in the employee secret object.
The API version to be used for the request.
The identifier of the access package to delete the reference for.
The ID of the workbook chart from which to retrieve minor gridlines.
A unique identifier generated by the client to track the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property that links role assignment requests to governance resources.
The named operation for a network trace capturing or deployment slot.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results when the list of instance types is too large to return in a single response.
The username parameter specifies the user whose blocks information is being requested.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be cleaned.
The parameter description is: The number of following entries to retrieve from drives.
The notebook ID to establish a new navigation property to section groups.
Search query to filter assignments in devicemanagement
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the CDN profile under which the endpoint is located.
The ARN of the image build version to be deleted.
The domain to be renewed.
The unique identifier for the user whose activity is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the version of the application to which the pattern will be added.
The unique identifier for the tag to be assigned to the API.
The leaf certificate issued by the verifying pre-uploaded certificate.
name: bundleName type: string  name: mediaUrl type: string  name: metadata type: object
A token that specifies which page of results to return.
Creates a new navigation property linking rows to workbooks, identified by the workbooktable ID.
The identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
Name of the detector to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the mobile app.
The access package resource role ID.
The name of the dataset to retrieve.
The name of the API management service instance.
The username of the secret to be deleted.
The name of the provisioning service for which the valid SKUs and tiers are being retrieved.
A unique identifier for the client request.
Filters the results based on the specified criteria.
Specifies whether to include additional details in the health profile response.
The API version for retrieving the load balancer frontend IP configuration.
The parameter describes the workflow run action scoped repetitions, specifically referencing the API version as a string.
The unique identifier for the access package catalog.
The API version for the request.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property manageddevices in deviceManagement.
name: The name of the task to be created for the container registry.
Specifies whether analysis events should be excluded from the response list of replica event objects.
The unique identifier of the calendar to update.
Stops any further changes to the pool, maintaining its current state after the stop operation is completed.
The version of the API being used.
Search query for retrieving extensions from the user.
The name of the registered storage sync service.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the OneNote page to be previewed.
indicates whether the request is a dry run; if true, no changes are made
The number of records to return per page.
parameter description: a string representing the search criteria for facilities or clusters
The unique identifier for the employer.
The unique identifier for the custodian responsible for the site sources.
Specifies the duration in seconds to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
Resets the configuration settings of the current slot if they were previously modified by calling the API with POST.
The version of the API being used.
The region or location for which configuration details are being provided.
The unique identifier for the product to which the manufacturer will be assigned.
lists installations of your GitHub app that the authenticated user has explicit permission (read, write, or admin) to access. You must use a user-to-server OAuth access token.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task group.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the remote action audit associated with the device management.
The unique identifier for the dataset to which examples will be added.
The unique identifier of the user to which the navigation property is being added.
The name of the namespace for which the virtual network rule is retrieved.
The name of the scheduled action.
The ID of the trigger to run.
The encoding format for the file being updated.
The unique identifier for the network or blockchain instance.
The name of the service endpoint policy for which the definitions are being retrieved.
The project ID for this request.
Maximum longitude value for filtering stock ticker data entries.
The date to which the search should be limited.
lists your things. use the attributename and attributevalue parameters to filter your things. for example, calling listthings with attributename = color and attributevalue = red retrieves all things in the registry that contain an attribute color with the value red. requires permission to access the listthings action. you will not be charged for calling this api if an access denied error is returned. you will also not be charged if no attributes or pagination
filter: a string parameter used to specify the criteria for filtering the dsc node report list by node id
updates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in the request. this operation is marked as done when the group is updated even if the instances in the group have not yet been updated. you must separately verify the status of the individual instances with the listmanagedinstances method. if you update your group to specify a new template or instance configuration, it's possible that your intended specification for each vm in the group is different from the current state of that vm. to learn how to apply an updated configuration to the vms in a
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage automatic payment auto-allocated settings.
list of resources, possibly filtered
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
filter criteria for selecting element attributes based on description
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group where the batch account is located.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The unique identifier for the API consumer.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage to be deleted.
The project identifier for creating an instant snapshot in the specified region.
The API version used for retrieving the details of a virtual hub.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter 'companyinformation - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for the company information entity within the financials navigation property.
The name of the virtual network gateway to be deleted.
lists installations of your GitHub app that the authenticated user has explicit permission (read, write, or admin) to access. You must use a user-to-server OAuth access token.
filters the results based on specified criteria
The maximum number of diagnostics to return in the response.
The ID of the instance used for the route.
Fields to include in the response for shares, specified as an array of field names.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The ID of the education class to which the assignment defaults are being updated.
The billing period name used to calculate the aggregate cost.
An array of series retrieved from the workbooks.
The name of the resource group for which route tables are being retrieved.
The instance group to be deleted. The instances within the group are not deleted, but the group must not be associated with any backend service.
This method initiates the cancellation of a payment. Depending on the payment service, payment product, and ASPSP's implementation, this TPP call might be sufficient to cancel a payment. If authorization of the payment cancellation is mandated by the ASPSP, a corresponding hyperlink will be contained in the response message. Cancels the addressed payment with resource identification paymentId if applicable to the payment service, payment product.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a user, represented as a string.
The unique identifier for the vulnerability being queried.
search query to filter subscriptions from shares
The tempo value to be used in the audio regions of an audio render.
The name of the fabric to be created.
The year for which the statutory holiday is requested.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether to include the count of items in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the preferred data source configuration or mode for creation or update operations.
The unique identifier for the managed app registration.
The Google Cloud project ID for which the interconnect diagnostics are being retrieved.
A unique identifier for the job, specified as a string.
The name of the deployment to be exported as a template.
The version of the API being used.
The page number of the results to return (1-indexed).
The path to the task file to be deleted from the compute node.
Retrieve the access package assignment resource roles from the identity governance service.
The unique identifier for the service plan.
The tax year for which the papdis report is executed.
Specifies the field by which the ads should be sorted.
Maximum latitude value to filter sado position data entries.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The name of the route table from which the route will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the group.
The duration in seconds to wait before deleting the ingress class.
The unique identifier for the list associated with the site.
The spatial reference system identifier (SRID) for the geometry.
The name of the database subnet group to be deleted. It must not be associated with any DB instances.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A cursor used for pagination to specify the starting point of the list of apps.
The unique identifier for the case.
The version of the API used for the deployment.
The resourcegroupname parameter specifies the name of the resource group associated with the topic.
The API version to be used for the request.
The unique identifier for the award.
The start datetime for the calendar view.
The page number for pagination of the watch later queue results.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum year for which team matchup history is available.
The name of the network watcher used to perform the latency measurement.
The name of the network security group.
The Pushover user key used to send notifications for the project.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The version of the API being used.
Updates the specified disk with the data included in the request. The update is performed only on selected fields included as part of the update mask. Only the following fields can be modified: user_license.
number of listings to return per page, with a default value of 30
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parent node or customer under which the device will be created.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the trending content.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The unique identifier for the user.
This parameter is used to specify the service ID for which allocations are to be retrieved. If set to zero, it retrieves all allocations for a location without filtering by a specific service. Otherwise, it filters the results to include only allocations associated with the specified service ID.
The type of the source to be associated with the event notification subscription.
The unique identifier of the user profile.
The unique identifier for the employer associated with the pay code.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The project identifier for the externalvpngateway.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the dataset to which the example will be added.
The maximum number of operations to return.
The maximum number of extensions to retrieve.
The region in which the interconnect attachment is located.
The owner of the repository to be starred.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the workbook table, used to specify which workbook's navigation property line should be deleted.
The account name for which the delegation keys are to be revoked.
Indicates whether to retrieve the current route for a given GUID or ID4N.
Specifies whether to include additional details about the services in the response. If set to true, the response includes expanded information; otherwise, only basic service details are returned.
The version of the API being used for the request.
modifies the placement attributes for a specified instance. you can do the following : modify the affinity between an instance and a dedicated host. when affinity is set to host and the instance is not associated with a specific dedicated host, the next time the instance is launched, it is automatically associated with the host on which it lands. if the instance is restarted or rebooted, this relationship persists. change the dedicated host with which an instance is associated. change the instance tenancy of an instance from host to dedicated, or from dedicated to host. move an instance to
The unique key identifying the system.
Secret key used to authenticate and authorize the trusted application for cashing in a bet on behalf of the customer.
The ID of the section group to copy to.
The fields parameter specifies the list of fields to include in the response for the product rate plan charge.
The ETag value to match for the navigation property extensions of users.
Sort order for the variants associated with a phenotype.
Lists descriptions of all Amazon Redshift event notification subscriptions for a customer account. If a subscription name is specified, it returns the description for that specific subscription. If both tag keys and tag values are provided in the request, Amazon Redshift returns all event notification subscriptions that match the specified tags.
The name of the search domain for which index field information is being retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the device.
The name of the package to be patched.
The region associated with the bunq service.
The unique identifier for the synchronization job.
The unique identifier for the database cluster.
The unique identifier for the group.
The package name of the track configuration.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token that specifies which page of results to return.
The accept-language header field specifies the preferred language for the response.
The unique identifier for the compute node.
The parameter 'expand' is an array used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested objects.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
Updates the log router CMEK settings for the given resource. Note: CMEK for the log router can currently only be configured for Google Cloud organizations. Once configured, it applies to all projects and folders in the Google Cloud organization. The `updateCmekSettings` operation will fail if:
The name of the resource group.
The name of the reference data set to be updated.
The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the resource from which tags are to be removed.
Retrieves the parent section group from the list of groups.
Deletes one or more existing virtual background files associated with a specific user.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The name of the packet capture session to retrieve.
the item name to which the attributes are being added or replaced
The version of the API to use for the request.
Indicates whether the request includes a client request ID.
Specifies the time interval type for summarizing the data over the time range.
The maximum number of extensions to retrieve from the groups.
The unique identifier for the advanced threat protection onboarding device setting state.
The maximum number of records to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the group associated with the decline action.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single response.
The name of the database from which the secret will be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the owner of the pipeline test data.
Filter to retrieve certificate-based authentication configuration from the organization.
Reactivation makes a task eligible to be retried again up to its maximum retry count. The task's state is changed to active. As the task is no longer in the completed state, any previous exit code or failure information is no longer available after reactivation. Each time a task is reactivated, its retry count is reset to 0. Reactivation will fail for tasks that are not completed or that previously completed successfully (with an exit code of 0). Additionally, it will fail if the job has completed (or is terminating or deleted).
The service ID must be a valid string identifier.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be wiped.
search term for retrieving a list of guests
The identifier for the virtual machine that is undergoing migration.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the username for retrieving board actions entities; using 'me' will return data associated with the authenticated user's account.
The new target should be of the same type as the old target.
Indicates whether the task was successfully added to the specified job.
The reference to the source column from sites.
The unique identifier for the document.
Indicates whether the contact data should be returned in raw format.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being requested.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
Ordering criteria for the pages retrieved from users.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The name of the resource group that contains the cache.
The type of resource to be deleted, including all its associated resources.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The version of the API to use.
The name of the workflow to which the transition property is being added or updated.
The name of the trial to be stopped.
The name of the Azure firewall to create or update.
The start date for the time period to filter images updated in the specified range. Must be in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DD).
Specifies the ETag (entity tag) to match for conditional deletion of the entity. If the current ETag of the entity does not match the provided value, the deletion will be rejected.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
updates the name and explicit (exception) list of a pattern; any entity model in a version of the application
The unique identifier for the application to which the segment belongs.
The unique identifier for the SIP rule to be deleted.
The version of the API for which diagnostics are listed.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
Indicates whether the invoice data has been finalized in the CRM system.
The condition to match for deleting the navigation property 'todo' for me.
The navigation property listitem in drives
The name of the resource group containing the activity log alert.
The API version used to retrieve the workflow run action.
The parameter p_pswdmp is a string used to specify search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Number of entities to retrieve from the chats.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
filter parameter to list report records by subscription
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or detailed information.
Lists all public repositories in the order they were created. For GitHub Enterprise Server, this endpoint only lists repositories accessible to all users on the enterprise. Pagination is handled exclusively using the `since` parameter. Refer to the [Link Header](https://docs.github.com/enterprise-server@2.18/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#link-header) for additional pagination details.
The unique identifier for the governance role assignment request.
The version ID of the LUIS application to export.
The category of the case, such as civil enforcement or criminal.
The duration in seconds to wait before forcibly terminating the clusterrolebinding.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
name: bucketName type: string
Specifies the maximum number of resources to return in the response.
The project key used to identify the project associated with the permission scheme.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the list item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of projects to retrieve
whitelist an one off sdd so that when another one off sdd from the creditor comes in, it is automatically accepted
The prefix used to identify the air waybill (AWB) number.
Specifies the sorting order for the list of placement groups.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription associated with the database account.
The number of entities to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier of the file to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether the media item should automatically play when loaded.
Updates an existing response policy.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section.
The unique identifier for the project that contains the dataset with the table to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
Specifies the maximum number of maintenance windows to return.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the compute node from which the task file will be deleted.
Indicates whether to show tickets that are not approved.
The API version for retrieving all route filter rules in a route filter.
The version of the API being used to retrieve all jobs in a device.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the resource scope.
The file extension used for the vocabulary term entries.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of device run states to retrieve.
The name of the resource group that contains the express route circuit.
The name of the fabric associated with the failed over replication protected item.
Authorization token required to access the RTI transactions links for the specified employer.
The version of the API to use for the request.
unique identifier for the person added to the credits section
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage specific monetary account retrieval operations.
Metadata about upcoming electronic programme guide (EPG) information for a brand, including details of upcoming transmission slots.
The unique identifier of the collection for which usage data is being retrieved.
simulates how a set of IAM policies attached to an IAM entity (such as a user, group, or role) interact with a list of API operations and AWS resources to determine the effective permissions.
The data source to use for retrieving industry facilities.
Retrieve a single value extended property from users, specified by the provided selector.
The unique identifier for the collection.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the team to be updated. Only team owners can perform this operation.
The namespace of the provider that created the event subscriptions.
update enabled flag and / or tags for the given action rule
The name of the resource group where the service instance is located.
The name of the resource group.
A unique identifier for the request, which helps ensure idempotency and can be used to track the request's progress.
The maximum time to wait for the cluster upgrade progress to be retrieved.
The author of the songs.
The version of the API being used to access the database instance in the migrate project.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property instances to be updated are associated with the current user (me), specifically for the event identified by the provided event ID.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property events associated with users.
The date when the dataset was created, represented as a string.
The type of the resource to which the management lock is applied.
The name of the workspace to retrieve information for.
The name of the load balancer for which the backed address pools are to be retrieved.
Retrieve a list of access package assignments from the identity governance system.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
The maximum number of subscriptions to return in the response.
Minimum latitude for the search boundary.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be verified.
Specifies the policy type to include in the returned list.
The name of the RosettaNet process configuration.
The API version for the network trace capturing operation or deployment slot.
Specifies the field to sort the policies by.
filter parameter to specify criteria for selecting entities from applications
The description outlines the sequence of actions that occur when a pool deletion request is made, including transitioning the pool state to "deleting," halting any ongoing resize operations, resizing the pool to zero nodes, terminating and requeuing running tasks, and ultimately removing the pool from the system.
Filters the access package resource roles based on specified criteria.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway connection is created or updated.
The version of the API being used.
A search query to find issues across repositories the user has access to.
Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted.
The navigation property items in shares that need to be updated, identified by the listitem ID.
Specifies the column index for the function invocation.
The unique identifier of the parent item used to filter the results.
The name of the alarm model to be updated.
The project identifier for which policies are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the global auth module configuration.
The unique identifier for the group.
The scope of the registration assignment to be deleted.
The name of the location.
Specifies the page size for the response set in the query.
List of app names for which to retrieve the safetynetconfigs.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
Maximum latitude value to filter the search results for sample entries.
The parameter 'group' is a string that specifies the search term for entries related to boulder council emails.
The project identifier for which the server certificate is being rotated.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID.
Specifies the field to sort the images by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for a deal.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial data is being retrieved.
The type parameter specifies the kind of destiny items to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of recent executions to summarize for a pipeline.
Indicates whether the route is on the correct side of the road for a commercial vehicle.
The parameter p_total_sep_val is used to specify the total separation value for filtering cases in the search query.
Enables exporting CloudWatch logs for the specified log types.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the domain for which the verification DNS records navigation property is to be deleted.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be deleted.
The project associated with the instance template.
The unique identifier of the user.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of role definitions.
The parameter 'picture - id' is a string used to identify the media content associated with the navigation property 'picture' in financials.
VLAN identifier for the network.
filter: specifies the criteria to determine which metrics are retrieved for the given database account and database.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier of the patient in Orthanc.
The name of the resource group that contains the run logs.
The unique identifier for the room to which the client token is being created.
The name of the load balancer for which outbound rules are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the service mesh containing the virtual router to be updated.
The unique identifier for the tag.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the group to which the action is being accepted.
The page number of the results to fetch.
The unique identifier for the application to be imported.
The version of the API to use for the request.
number of columns to display after the first column
Creates a new navigation property to devicerunstates for devicemanagement, specifically linking deviceshellscript with the device's run state information.
The maximum number of policy states to return.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the detected application.
A pagination cursor for fetching the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
name of the subnet to be created or updated
The unique identifier for the user whose calendars are being retrieved.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to which tags are added or updated.
The format of the active memberships.
The current status of your calls.
The unique identifier for the project or process.
The parameter 'profilename' is a string that specifies the name of the profile to retrieve associated experiments.
The scope of the policy assignment.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the maximum number of verification DNS records to retrieve from the domains.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
Returns a paginated list of filters. Use this operation to get:   - Specific filters by defining `id` only.   - Filters that match all specified attributes (e.g., all filters for a user with a particular word in their name).
Provides itemized receipts for Schedule A records, including contributions from individuals. Use the /schedules/schedule_a/ endpoint to retrieve contributions from an individual. For a comprehensive overview of all Schedule A records, refer to the [About Receipts Data](https://www.fec.gov/campaign-finance/) section on the FEC website.
The name of the action group to retrieve.
Indicates whether the request ID should be returned in the response.
The notification message template ID used to retrieve localized notification messages from device management.
The name of the namespace for which authorization rules are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token that specifies where to start pagination, returned from a previous call to this operation.
The unique identifier of the access review.
The unique identifier for the site whose navigation property pages are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the user enabling SMS sign-in.
The name of the resource group where the storage sync service is located.
Delete a reaction to a team discussion.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
The unique identifier of the management group.
The list of source names for locations.
The name of the server for which log files are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the shift to be updated within the teams' navigation property.
The name of the application associated with the device sets.
The unique identifier for the tag associated with the report.
returns all events for a device or a shipment within a specific time range. the results are listed in descending order based on the timestamp. each event can be identified uniquely by trackingid - ruleid - timestamp key. a single event can be fetched using ruleid, before and after query parameters. a time range can be defined with before and after timestamps. a successful response contains an array of events that were recorded after the first timestamp and before the second. if the request is supplied with `eventsource` query
Search query for retrieving single value extended properties from users.
The name of the workspace associated with the experiment.
The region for which the managed instance group is defined.
The unique identifier of the group to update.
A string used to search for entities within connections.
An array of fields to include in the response, expanding related data.
The API version for the engagementfabric channel deletion operation.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB MongoDB collection for which the RU/s (Request Units per second) will be updated.
The navigation property 'sectiongroups' for the specified user identified by the 'onenotesection' ID will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a OneNote section, used to retrieve its parent section group.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the group containing the pages navigation property.
The API version to use for the request.
The domain must be unique within the current team.
Creates a new DB instance from a DB snapshot, restoring most of the source database's original configuration such as default security group and DB parameter group. By default, the new instance is created as a single-AZ deployment, except for SQL Server instances with mirroring option groups, which become multi-AZ deployments.
The name of the resource group containing the container group.
Groups the dataset records by the specified field.
The unique identifier of the user to which the navigation property reference is being created.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The certificate being transferred must not be in the active state.
The navigation property accesspackages in identitygovernance that needs to be updated.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The name of the metadata entity to be updated.
Retrieve the authentication context class references from the identity configuration.
The unique identifier for the legal hold site.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of templates to retrieve from applications
Specifies whether to cache the image for future use.
The parent resource for the service level objective.
Search term to find column positions in the drive.
The market where the search is conducted, specified as a language code.
The page number for pagination of the results.
The language preference for the payment service provider draft payment, typically represented as a string in ISO 639-1 format (e.g., "en", "es").
The API version used for creating or updating a snapshot.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The time period for which the autonomy rate is calculated.
The resource identifier for which the access control policy is being set.
The number of records in the project history.
The start time for listing NSX managers.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the network security group where the security rule will be created or updated.
returns publications associated with a phenotype
The unique identifier for the location list to be updated.
The unique identifier for the in-app product being checked.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property scheduledactionsforrule related to device management.
Number of entries to skip before starting to return results
The location where the name availability is to be checked.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Search for entries of type tmdb movies by production companies.
Filter options to narrow down the results.
The duration in seconds to wait for each individual object deletion.
The unique identifier for the driveItem associated with the navigation property to be updated.
Specifies the expansion fields to include in the response, which can enhance the data returned from the public tweets stream.
The parameter description is: A string representing the authentication token used for authorization in the system.
The version of the API being used for the update operation.
The name of the resource group.
The owner's name for the deployment.
The identifier for the workbook named item from which the font is to be retrieved.
The name of the account to be used for the asynchronous data share job.
The unique identifier for the alert entity.
The name parameter specifies the domain for which configuration information is to be retrieved.
Specifies whether partial success is allowed when retrieving the list of target pools.
The name of the resource group.
Indicates whether to validate the request without actually deleting the route table.
The expand parameter specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for nested data to be retrieved.
API key for authentication
The name of the management group.
The unique identifier of the calendar.
The name of the resource group that contains the task run.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The unique identifier of the project.
The name of the application to clear the deployment of releases for.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Each type of source control system represents authors in a different way. For example, a git commit author has a display name and an email address, but a subversion commit author just has a username. The GitHub importer will make the author information valid, but the author might not be correct. For example, it will change the bare subversion username `hubot` into something like `hubot`. This endpoint and the [map a commit author](https://docs)
The unique identifier for the usageright navigation property to be updated.
The name of the resource group containing the express route cross connection.
The city where the person works.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The card parameter is a string used to identify the specific notification to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
Filter by national destination code for available phone numbers.
The unique identifier of the drive where the content will be copied.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The name of the virtual network gateway to reset the primary for.
Ordering parameter for the list of followed sites.
Sort order for diseases associated with a publication.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the terms of service document to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the group.
The name of the network watcher.
The unique identifier for the custom bidding algorithm.
The unique identifier for the post to be updated.
A token that specifies where to resume pagination, if there are more results to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the namespace.
name: The name of the operation.
The name of the network security group to retrieve.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The URI to which the user event is sent.
The unique identifier of the media to return. If provided, the response will include only media with an ID greater than this value.
The name of the resource group that contains the media services account.
number of results to return per page (max 100)
A unique identifier for the client request.
value, count, mean, percentile, multiplicity, average, statistical_info
The interval between screenshots in milliseconds.
The ID of the onenotesectiongroup to retrieve.
Specifies whether to perform a dry run, which simulates the operation without making actual changes.
The version of the API being used to access information about the specified application.
The name of the function for which secrets are to be retrieved.
The deployment slot name for the web app.
The name of the existing Azure Cosmos DB database account containing the Gremlin graph.
The Google Cloud Storage path to launch the template.
The name of the resource group to retrieve workflows for.
Indicates whether the property should be ignored in the query, typically by omitting it from the request.
Retrieve the teamsappdefinition from the chats, where the result is an array.
Specifies the duration in seconds to wait before timing out on a fault operation.
The maximum number of media items to retrieve per page.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the file.
The name of the API Management service.
The name of the budget to be created or updated.
Specifies whether to gracefully stop and clean up the operation (false) or abort it abruptly, potentially leaving internal state behind (true). Use with caution when set to true.
The name of the resource group where the artifact will be deployed.
The maximum number of accelerator types to return in the response.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network is created or updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The artifact to be deleted.
The bytes of the document make up the body of the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter 'agentnum' is an integer that specifies the agent number for configuring the CoAP settings.
The unique identifier of the note to be deleted.
lists all channels in a slack team
The name of the resource group where the network security group is located.
The resource for which permissions are being checked.
The name of the resource group.
Maximum latitude value for filtering service link entries.
Specifies the starting point for retrieving examples from the dataset.
The unique identifier for the application for which backup configuration information is being retrieved.
The size parameter represents the number of near earth objects to be included in each page of the paginated list.
Retrieve an array of sections associated with users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether to hide null values in the sort order.
The unique identifier for the site.
Verifies the possession of the private key for the certificate by using the leaf certificate issued by a previously uploaded certificate.
The singlevaluelegacyextendedproperty ID used to retrieve the single value extended property from users.
Name of the repository where binaries and other files, generated from successful building and publishing processes, are located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID of the issue type scheme from which the issue type is to be removed.
Verifies the possession of the certificate's private key by using the leaf certificate issued by a previously uploaded certificate.
search for entries of type colorado water rights
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the employer or subcontractor.
The date for the OCP data, typically representing the aggregation interval.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property deviceenrollmentconfigurations associated with users.
Specifies whether to include detailed information about the items in the feed.
The parameter describes the two-year transaction period, which is derived from the report year submitted on forms F3, F3X, and F3P. If no value is provided, the results default to the most recent two-year period ending in an even-numbered year.
The unique identifier of the planner plan associated with the navigation property buckettaskboardformat.
The user-agent string to identify the requesting client or system for whitelisting the one-off SDD.
The URL of the shop, which is required for authentication.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier of the application for which health state is being retrieved.
The parameter p_c1lon is a numeric value used to filter or specify a particular case identifier or reference in the search criteria for civil enforcement and criminal cases.
The project identifier or name used to retrieve the project's representation.
Specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or nested properties.
The name of the VMSS extension to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the concept employee to be converted into a real employee.
The region for which the metrics are retrieved.
Specifies whether to exclude automatically generated assertions when returning pathways associated with a phenotype.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart from which the font is to be retrieved.
Minimum longitude value to filter inline point file entries.
The name of the profile to be updated.
The resource version for the collection of ingress to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the member whose early day motions are being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the drive.
The name of the integration account session as a string.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The deployment slot name for the app.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the item activity old, which is used to delete navigation property versions associated with workbooks.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the load balancer.
The number of results to return per page.
A unique identifier for the client's request, used to track the status and execution history of an indexer.
The name of the virtual WAN VPN gateway to update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API version string used to specify the version of the API being called.
The name of the application security group to retrieve information for.
The unique identifier for the node whose properties are to be updated.
Indicates whether to include all scopes in the response.
The unique identifier for the dataset to be accessed.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The name of the resource group.
Authentication token required to access the performance details.
The name of the resource group to initiate troubleshooting on.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the user performing the decline action.
The name of the web site, deployment slot, or scaled-out instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parent ID (group ID, application ID, or service ID) to filter the devices list. If provided, only devices attached to the specified parent will be returned. Use the respective services in the groups, applications, or services sections to retrieve valid IDs. Only one parent ID can be specified at a time.
Array of categories related to education that should be included in the response.
The name of the resource group containing the vault.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network peering.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies whether to delete the dependent resources of the deployment when the collection is deleted.
The name of the availability group listener to create or update.
The unique identifier of the notebook to delete the parent notebook navigation property for.
The name of the resource group where the IoT hub is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The page number of the results to return.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The order parameter specifies the sequence in which the chart of accounts is retrieved.
The name of the hybrid connection.
Creates a fiscal company cars record for an employment, primarily for tax registration purposes and integration into salary calculations. This action is distinct from HRM module-based company car registrations.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API to be updated.
The name of the resource to be purged (force deleted) from the vault.
The project identifier for the resource being updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial dimensions are being retrieved.
limits the number of APIs returned in the response
The unique identifier for the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the invoice to retrieve.
The description of the API management service resource.
Specifies the sorting order for the media related to the current media item.
The page number for pagination.
filter by payment type or status
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
changes the size of the cluster. you can change the cluster's type, or change the number or type of nodes. the default behavior is to use the elastic resize method. with an elastic resize, your cluster is available for read and write operations more quickly than with the classic resize method. elastic resize operations have the following restrictions : you can only resize clusters of the following types : dc1. large ( if your cluster is in a vpc ) dc
The name of the API Management service instance.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the navigation property children in workbooks.
The path to the artifact.
Deletes entity types in the specified agent. This method is a long-running operation. The returned `operation` type has the following method-specific fields: - `metadata`: an empty struct message.
The unique identifier for the language associated with the lexeme.
Search query string to filter results.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
Name of the fabric to be used for the cleanup operation.
The unique identifier for the planner plan associated with the group.
Specifies the condition for matching, where 'none' indicates no match criteria is applied.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
genes associated with a genotype
Retrieve section groups from the provided groups, returning an array of section groups.
The unique identifier for the customer account whose cards are being retrieved.
A comma-separated list of subscriber IDs to exclude from the result.
page number of the results to fetch
The unique identifier of the developer group to be associated with the product.
The unique identifier for the cluster to be deleted.
The name of the network feature.
The IP address of the customer.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine to be restarted.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property 'picture' in the 'financials' entity is updated with the provided 'salescreditmemo - id' value.
The uplink loss percentage and latency in milliseconds for a wired network device.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the event in the calendar view.
The parameter describes the line item expenditures for independent expenditures, including details such as the expenditure amount, the name and ID of the candidate involved, and whether the communication supported or opposed the candidate.
The unique identifier for the commit comment.
Lists check runs for a check suite using its `id`. GitHub Apps must have the `checks:read` permission on a private repository or pull access to a public repository to get check runs.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the role assignment.
Specifies the task to be updated based on a condition where no match is found.
The unique identifier for the group setting template to be restored.
Specifies the destination CIDR block for the route.
The token used for authentication to retrieve the quick response code in PNG format.
The parameter 'sharedinsight - id' is a string that identifies the shared insight to be accessed or manipulated.
API key used for authentication to fetch podcast recommendations.
The version of the API to be updated.
The access key used to authenticate and authorize the creation of a new profile.
The authorization parameter is required to authenticate the request and ensure access to the email templates for custom events.
The version of the API being used.
The API version string used to identify the specific version of the API being invoked.
Specifies the field by which to sort the insertion orders. If not specified, the default order is determined by the API.
The description parameter filters the result list by model name.
The maximum number of results to return.
updates the specified version resource. you can specify the following fields depending on the app engine environment and type of scaling that the version resource uses: standard environment instance class (https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/admin-api/reference/rest/v1beta/apps.services.versions#version.fields.instance_class), automatic scaling in the standard environment: automatic_scaling.min_idle_instances
name of the application
The name of the resource group where the API management service instance is located.
The date or timestamp before which spots are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the invoice.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The unique identifier for the receipt attachment.
The unique identifier for the environment.
Indicates whether the full election details for a filer are available, useful for tracking changes in committee leadership or designation over time.
A unique identifier used for authenticating requests to the API, typically a string value.
The unique identifier for the API.
Number of setting definitions to retrieve from device management.
Specifies the sorting order for the publications related to a disease.
The name of the resource group where the app is located.
Returns the item at the specified index in a collection.
Specifies whether participants should be notified about changes to the webinar's audio or conferencing settings.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section.
The navigation property parentsectiongroup for the specified user with the given onenotesection ID.
Specifies the fields to include in the response for each post.
Unique identifier for the code tag.
The unique identifier for the leave application to be updated.
The name of the resource to be updated.
The unique identifier of the workbook's drive item.
The unique identifier for the job schedule that needs to be enabled to resume creating new jobs.
The resource name of the API key to undelete.
The ID of the section group to delete the parent notebook navigation property for.
Token used to retrieve the next page of job logs.
lists all files in task directories on the specified compute node
initiates a multipart upload and returns a unique multipart upload ID for subsequent part uploads
The unique identifier of the contributor whose collections are to be listed.
chart image URL or identifier
The authorization token required to access the API endpoint.
pipeline parameter describes the aggregation pipeline for products
The list of related resources to be included in the response.
A string used to filter the list of subaccounts based on search criteria.
label selector to filter controller revisions
The unique identifier for the RTMP distribution.
Filters the calendar view based on specified criteria.
The ID of the workbook chart from which to retrieve the font.
The version of the API used to retrieve the forest summary for an active directory domain service that is onboarded to Azure Active Directory Connect Health.
The name of the virtual network route in the app service plan.
returns aggregate for invoices
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for the list of updates associated with an Amazon EKS cluster or managed node group.
The response is a string containing the retrieved invoice details.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
Number of sectiongroups to skip for pagination.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the case.
The date when the property sale entry was created.
Name of the fabric to create a protection container for.
The unique identifier for the target merchant whose inventory is being submitted.
actions_entities parameter description: A string representing the actions or entities related to the board and card IDs.
The unique identifier of the single-value extended property to be updated.
The unique identifier for the package type.
The width of the browser icon image.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Must be in the format `key=value` or `key!=value`.
An array of key-value pairs to associate with the custom endpoint.
List of member IDs to retrieve corresponding cards.
Retrieve the title from the workbooks, where the result is an array of expanded data.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
returns the tags found on a site that fulfill required tag constraints on questions. the inname parameter lets a consumer filter down to tags that contain a certain substring. for example, inname = own would return both " download " and " owner " amongst others. this method returns a list of tags. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the tag object : - popular - count - activity - the creation _ date of the last question asked with the tag - name - name popular
Specifies the condition to match for creating or updating a diagnostic.
A unique identifier for the new connection.
Filter criteria for retrieving resources from privileged access.
Search query to filter agreements from the identity governance system.
The allocation ID associated with the specified IP address.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the document.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the porting order that is ready to be actioned.
Returns the count of owned devices.
one or more of your route tables
The project associated with the specified resize request.
The timeout value for the service creation operation, specifying how long the request should wait before timing out.
Specifies the field by which to sort the managed devices.
Number of entries to skip for the result set
whether to expand the modality information to include all associated DICOM tags
Ordering field for the call records.
The number of instances to retrieve from the groups.
The login credential used to authenticate the user for the operation.
The maximum time to wait for a response before timing out.
The name of the hybrid connection configuration to retrieve.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the resource group.
Unique identifier for the search request, used to retrieve associated passenger trip, contact, and baggage details.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified user, identified by the onenotesection ID.
The certificate used for generating the verification code to prove possession.
Filter to apply when retrieving sites from groups.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Number of records to skip for the result set
The unique identifier for the campaign.
The unique identifier for the area where the properties are located.
The name of the resource group.
list issues in an organization assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue
The CIDR block to be added or replaced in the network ACL.
The parameter describes the process of importing MySQL databases into Amazon RDS using backup files stored in Amazon S3, enabling users to migrate on-premises databases to a new RDS MySQL instance.
The parameter $ to specifies the end time for querying policy events at the subscription level policy definition.
The unique identifier for the device compliance user status.
The name of the load balancer for which inbound NAT rules are being retrieved.
The API version to use for the request.
The size of the raster tile in pixels, defining the dimensions of each square section of map data.
The identifier of the multivalue legacy extended property to be updated.
Returns variants associated with a disease when set to true; otherwise, does not return such variants.
The unique identifier for the pattern feature.
Returns the count of direct reports from the contacts.
The name of the protection container.
The unique identifier of the conversation thread.
The name of the event hub for which the connection strings are to be regenerated.
The unique identifier for the user.
The output parameter describes the monthly and quarterly counts of D80 and D90 effluent non-reporting violations for a facility, sourced from the EPA's ICIS NPDES system.
The unique identifier for the plan.
The API version to use for creating artifacts from an existing image template.
The unique identifier for the user whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
Returns a list of workspaces accessible by the authenticated user.
Description of the parameter: A string that specifies the search criteria for entries of type CSV file.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a workbook chart, used to specify which chart's data labels should be deleted.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the extension to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the enterprise whose device pins are being retrieved.
The name of the resource to be migrated.
The membership type of the vendor.
The unique identifier for your merchant account.
The navigation property 'users' for the managed device with the specified ID.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the cluster where the service fabric service resource is created or being created.
Name of the cluster to diagnose network connectivity for external resources.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The unique identifier for the web resource.
The unique identifier of the access package resource scope to be deleted.
Filter to apply on the role assignments.
The version of the API being used.
The number of records to skip.
The reference to the source column definition ID from the drive.
The unique identifier for the powerform to be updated.
Indicates that no match was found for the requested resource.
The maximum number of URL channels to include in the response.
The date when the server-side file was created.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A list of fields to include in the response for each competition.
Exports the asset inventory in a sync-friendly format using the created_at timestamp as a checkpoint. Requires the Splunk entitlement.
A valid download token is required to authenticate the request and authorize file or folder download.
The region associated with the bunq transaction, typically indicating the geographical area or country.
A token used to paginate through the list of ad sources.
The network parameter specifies the network to be updated.
Filter devices by configuration states for users
The unique identifier for the user performing the unmerge action.
The unique identifier for the text attachment.
Authentication token required to access the route and stop disruptions data.
Excludes automatically generated assertions when determining if two entities are connected, returning association objects that describe the connection between them.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property mobileapptroubleshootingevents related to devicemanagement.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the device.
The unique identifier for the team within the enterprise grid workspace.
The ID of the section group to copy to.
The unique identifier for the channel.
Returns diseases associated with a gene, excluding evidence-based selections.
API key for the x-api2crm application used to authenticate and authorize user addition to the system.
The managed zone for which you want to list resource record sets.
Filter by deposit method code.
Specifies the date and time that the resource was last modified, used to determine if the resource has been updated since a specific point in time.
The UTC timestamp indicating the end time of the service event.
The unique identifier for the agreement acceptance record.
The name of the resource group to which the server belongs.
The unique identifier for the event to be tentatively accepted.
The parameter 'package' is a string that specifies the project for which different actions on builds or build processes will be applied.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region for the user's notes management.
The version of the API being used.
The set of properties that can be updated are a subset of the properties that were specified at the time of creating the service.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The unique identifier for the event.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
Indicates whether the response should include partial success results if some operations fail.
The parent resource name.
Filter to apply on the deployments.
The name of the peering configuration for the express route circuit.
The name of the entity associated with the BizTalk hybrid connection.
The number of record sets to return in the response.
The parameter 'ssidnumber' is an integer that identifies the specific SSID (network identifier) for which the usage histories are being retrieved. It helps to filter the usage data to a particular wireless network.
Specifies the duration in seconds to wait for a response before timing out.
The name parameter is a string that represents the identifier for the app whose git or ftp publishing credentials are being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
Start time timestamp for filtering charge metrics data, used to synchronize data incrementally.
The project identifier for which permissions are being evaluated.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the call associated with the feedback resource.
The name of the express route circuit for which peerings are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum time in seconds to wait for the data loss operation to complete.
The name of the policy assignment to query for events.
The turn-by-turn directions, geometry, distance, and time for the shortest or fastest path between start and end points, optimized for commercial vehicles.
list issues in a repository. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull request id, use the " [ list pull requests ] (
The API key used for authentication to access the feed data.
The variable that stores the workspace context at the repository level.
Gets the health of a service fabric cluster using health chunks, including the aggregated health state of the cluster, but excluding the health state of individual cluster entities. To retrieve detailed health information for specific cluster entities, use the POST URI and specify the desired cluster health chunk.
The unique identifier for the user.
The name of the server to be deleted.
The managedebook ID to be updated in the navigation property managedebooks.
Retrieve the format from workbooks as an array.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
The raw content of the QR code that links to this draft share invite, representing the binary data of a file without any JSON wrapping.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment.
The version of the API being used.
The state of the project.
List of project status IDs
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the express route circuit to create or update.
The geographical feature class to search for, which may include updated statuses or corrected metadata within the specified time window.
The field to sort by in the search criteria.
The number of categories to skip for the current result set.
The navigation property sections in sites that need to be updated.
The unique identifier for the education class.
The authorization parameter is a string that represents the authentication token or credential required to access the API.
The starting image number for the pagination of records.
The number of top OpenID Connect providers to list.
The unique identifier for the user whose FIDO2 methods navigation property is to be deleted.
Specifies the related entities to include in the response, such as associated sales order details or financial data.
The number of entities to skip.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
An array specifying the expansion of sensitive types in data classification, providing detailed information about each type.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
Specifies the opacity level of the preview image, ranging from 0 (fully transparent) to 1 (fully opaque).
A unique identifier assigned to a genome assembly, often used for tracking and referencing specific assemblies.
Controls in-meeting recording features such as starting, stopping, pausing, and resuming recordings. Works only for cloud recordings, not local recordings. The meeting must be live, and cloud recording must be enabled.
The unique identifier for the team's tabs navigation property to be deleted.
The version of the service fabric application type to create or update.
The unique identifier for the user whose photo navigation property is being updated.
Indicates whether to perform a dry run of the operation. If set to true, the request will be validated without making any actual changes.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting an entity from programs.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the street address filter condition using a 'contains' match.
The data to be sent to the feed through the webhook URL.
Specifies whether to include the labels in the response.
Indicates whether to include all scopes in the aggregation of node types.
The unique identifier (ID) of the group lifecycle policy to be deleted from the specified group.
The name of the job agent to be updated.
Text to search for entries of type simple yes-no vote
The name of the resource group containing the vpngateways.
Specifies the index of the subtitle stream to be retrieved from the audio HLS playlist.
context of short-term editorially curated promotions, such as programs featured on iPlayer today
Filter criteria for retrieving autopilotevents from devicemanagement.
List of payment terms to include in the response, specified as a comma-separated list.
Number of extensions to skip
The unique identifier for the subscription.
this is the first step of the openid connect authentication. the user is send to the openid connect identity provider to authenticate himself and retrieve an authorization code.
The unique identifier of the site containing the notebook.
The name of the resource group that contains the database.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the app for which authentication/authorization settings are being retrieved.
The parameter description is: The name of the resource associated with the proactive detection configuration.
The name of the redis cache.
The unique identifier for the client application registered in Azure AD.
The unique identifier for the group from which operations are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the customer payment record.
The name of the Redis cache for which firewall rules are being retrieved.
The starting index for the results.
The parent resource name, which specifies the location where the resource files are stored.
The number of section groups to retrieve.
The navigation property 'line' in workbooks that corresponds to the specified workbook worksheet ID.
The unique identifier for the user whose tasks are being retrieved.
An array containing the definition values retrieved from the device management system.
search criteria for currently active RVs in the market, including location-based searches within a specified radius and other filtering options.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the deletion operation.
The navigation property exceptionOccurrences in the user's calendar group identified by the specified ID.
The unique identifier of the child hierarchical entity extractor to be deleted.
The webidtype parameter specifies the type of web identifier used for the security entry.
The name of the scaled-out instance.
The unique identifier for the route to retrieve disruptions for.
updates an existing feature
The unique identifier for the managed application policy.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with groups.
Retrieve a list of educational activities associated with the user.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Creates a new recorder with the specified name. Note: This feature is discontinued and may not be supported in future versions.
The name of the netapp account to be deleted.
The environment to which the flow will be deployed.
The name of the hub where the link will be created or updated.
removes the signature information for the user. the userid parameter specified in the endpoint must match the authenticated user's user id and the user must be a member of the account. the ` signatureid ` accepts a signature id or a signature name. docusign recommends you use signature id ( ` signatureid ` ), since some names contain characters that
The version of the API to use for the request.
A unique identifier for the request, used to trace the request across systems.
The name of the DDoS protection plan to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the traffic policy version.
The name of the resource group that contains the hosting environment.
Enables the API2CRM native integration feature.
This operation is only available if you have Invoice Settlement enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021). It includes unapplied payments, credit and debit memos, and invoice item settlement. To enable Invoice Settlement, ensure your account has the feature activated.
The version of the API being referenced.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the user whose cipher uses are to be listed.
The parameter describes the lifetime of the API2CRM integration process.
The number of records to skip for the result set.
The name of the route filter to retrieve.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage company-related operations.
Retrieve activity statistics from users as an array.
The unique identifier for the enrollment account associated with the billing information.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item to update.
Updates prices in bulk, supporting up to 10,000 items per feed. For optimal processing, recommend sending no more than 1,000 items per feed and keeping feed size under 10 MB. Price update precedence is determined by the timestamp in request headers, with all updates in the feed treated as having the same timestamp; the timestamp in the XML file is used solely for audit purposes.
The unique identifier for the trial whose raw record is to be retrieved.
The name of the project for which the assessment URL is being retrieved.
The number of resources to return in the response.
The name of the express route circuit.
Array of objects containing the seller SKU (`skuSellerId`) and a boolean value indicating whether the product is enabled for sale.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A unique identifier generated by the client to trace the request.
The unique identifier for the version of the custom prebuilt entity model being added.
Filter criteria for retrieving instances from groups.
The version of the API being used.
Name of the collection to be created.
The snapshot must be in the available state and have no other users authorized to access it.
Specifies the identity provider configuration to be deleted.
The name of the resource group for which management locks are retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose photo media content is being retrieved.
summarizes policy states for the resources under the resource group
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property format for the workbook table with the specified ID.
Indicates whether the request ID returned in the response is associated with the client's request.
The unique identifier for the trust product assigned to an account.
The number of consent stores to return in the response.
The name of the flow to be validated.
The minimum year for draft listings.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
The API version to use for the request.
Returns information about a particular global replication group. If no identifier is specified, returns information about all global datastores.
Enable status for the API2CRM native integration.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the dismiss reminder action.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the device configuration.
The parameter describes the security policy for which the ordered rules are to be listed.
The name of the server hosting the database.
The unique identifier of the event to be deleted from the groups.
The unique identifier for the user.
Filter to specify the allowed users for printing.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the API.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property accesspackageresourceroles under identitygovernance.
The account name associated with the specified application package.
Information about the specified future reservation
The number of tracks that have not been played.
Specifies the condition that the current metadata generation of the bucket must not match the provided value.
The token used to authenticate the request and identify the user.
The name of the application for which the list of uploads is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the subscription associated with the application gateway.
The API version to be used for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource for which quota metrics are being retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The latitude coordinate for the first facility location.
Creates a new navigation property linking to the user statuses for device management, identified by the specified device configuration ID.
The ID of the language associated with the lexeme.
The namespace associated with the iampolicy assignment to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the list item for which the navigation property analytics reference is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope being updated.
Number of sectiongroups to skip
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
The labels to be set on the target regional disk.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Name of the recovery plan to cleanup test failover.
The unique identifier of the event to update the navigation property multivalueextendedproperties for.
The name of the immutability policy to retrieve.
The name of the resource group where the media services account is located.
The IP address of the customer's device, used for fraud detection and compliance purposes.
The value of the 'if-unmodified-since' header field, which is a string representing the date and time when the task file was last modified.
Number of portfolios to return per page
The locale parameter specifies the geographical or linguistic region for the search, influencing localization of results such as names and descriptions.
Deletes the minor gridlines navigation property for the specified workbook chart.
The API version to use for the request.
number of records to skip
The radius parameter defines the spatial extent or distance threshold for identifying contributions within a specified area.
A token for the next page of results.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the cluster being created.
Indicates whether to include the count of resources in the response.
The singleValueLegacyExtendedProperty ID used to retrieve a specific single value extended property from a group.
latitude of the location
Specifies the maximum number of moderators to return in the response.
The index of the subtitle stream in the HLS live stream.
The short name of the diary allocation collection.
An array specifying the expansion of font details from workbooks.
The name of the managed instance group for which details are being retrieved.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether to expand related objects in the response.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving sender signatures in the list.
The name of the resource group where the storage account is located.
The unique identifier of the team to update the navigation property replies for.
The name of the add-on to retrieve.
The zone for which the list of persistent disks is retrieved.
The region setting for bunq automatic payment allocation.
The name of the workflow run to retrieve repetitions for.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime Voice Connector for which emergency calling configuration details are being retrieved.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies the enable status for the API-to-CRM data synchronization process.
The unique identifier for the API consumer making the request.
Retrieve the collection of managed device mobile app configuration states for the current user.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the instance event.
Indicates whether to perform a dry run. If set to true, the request will be validated without making actual changes.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event that needs to be declined.
The unique identifier for the site.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the user activity reference to be deleted.
The name of the public certificate used for the hostname binding.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of access package resource roles retrieved from the identity governance system.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
The unique identifier for the user.
The API version used for retrieving the load balancer frontend IP configuration.
The first name of the user.
Number of section groups to retrieve
The name of the resource group where the compute definition is located.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the on-demand page from which the promotion will be removed.
The ID of the content type to be updated in the navigation property for sites.
The version of the API used for the request.
Indicates whether to download the file with priority color.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The maximum number of policy states to return.
The unique identifier for the directory definition.
The unique identifier for the Windows malware information.
The name of the express route cross connection.
The name of the endpoint to update.
The unique identifier for the education submission resource.
The number of backups to return per page.
The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the resource from which tags will be removed.
The period for which user activity counts are to be retrieved.
retrieve wait statistics for specified aggregation window
The unique identifier of the notebook to be patched.
The unique identifier for the basket or shopping cart from which the list of orders is retrieved.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
list all the smart groups within a specified subscription
The unique identifier for the drive item (such as a workbook) from which to retrieve the line.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property members of chats.
The name of the data masking rule to create or update.
The API key used for authentication or accessing registration settings.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the results by.
A string parameter used to specify search criteria for retrieving public water systems.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the network security group containing the rule to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
category: the specific category (tag) to filter 4od programmes   channel: the channel identifier to restrict the results to a particular channel   pageno: the page number for pagination of results
The key used to identify the specific property within the app's configuration.
An array of facilities or clusters that meet the specified search criteria
The unique identifier for the noteable entity.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies whether the domain controller list should be grouped by site.
The type parameter specifies the filter for the floodlight activity groups.
events related to db instances, db clusters, db parameter groups, db security groups, db snapshots, and db cluster snapshots for the past 14 days. events specific to a particular db instances, db clusters, db parameter groups, db security groups, db snapshots, and db cluster snapshots group can be obtained by providing the
The unique identifier for the drive item in the workbook.
A query id corresponding to a previously run get_cases query, used for retrieving paginated results and selecting/sorting columns.
Configuration ID used to filter collections that were queued with the same configuration.
A unique token used to identify the user group.
The name of the resource group.
An object representing the configuration and properties for a new hybrid connection using a service bus relay.
The namespace to be updated for the server.
The event ID associated with the navigation property to single value extended properties for groups.
The name of the ExpressRoute gateway.
The name of the resource group containing the network interface.
The access package assignment resource role ID used to retrieve the access package resource scopes from the identity governance service.
The name of the service associated with the product.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The resource for which permissions are being checked.
The name of the server being queried.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Number of items to return per page
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group where the application insights component is located.
sequence: the sequential number of the chunk being uploaded, starting from 1 (the first part is created with sequence 0 during the create operation).
The unique identifier for the item in the shopping cart.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification of the task file, used to check if the file has been modified since a certain point in time.
The name of the resource group.
A list of unique order identifiers to retrieve corresponding orders.
The number of node groups to reduce the global datastore to.
The name of the instance pool to create or update.
Minimum latitude value for searching entries related to Slack teams.
The end date for the report on aged payables by contact.
The unique identifier for the conditional access policy.
The unique identifier for the contribution.
The name of the express route circuit to retrieve information for.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The continue parameter is used for pagination, allowing the client to request the next page of results.
An array of site IDs to retrieve information for.
The identifier for the device management role assignment to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the employee whose children are to be retrieved.
The metric parameter specifies the type of usage data to retrieve, such as bandwidth, storage, or compute usage.
The name of the express route circuit.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage note operations for a specific user.
The unique identifier for the virtual machine instance within the scale set that needs to be deallocated.
The unique identifier for the group from which operations are to be retrieved.
The API version to use for the request.
The number of items to return in the response.
list of one or more strings representing the input policies
The API version to be used for the operation.
The authorization parameter is a string that provides access credentials for retrieving links to all revisions of the pension.
The name of the role assignment to retrieve.
Retrieve a list of items or records associated with users, typically used to fetch data in an array format.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for a query operation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the virtual network gateway for which the P2S client VPN profile is being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the user.
The name of the resource group that contains the remote rendering account.
The name of the NetApp account.
The list of tag keys to remove from the customer managed policy.
The name of the tag to be created for the subscription resource.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
Indicates whether the PSU (Payment Service User) has accepted the transaction, typically used to confirm consent for a payment or transaction process.
The path to the style resource.
An array containing customer payments data from the financials system.
A unique identifier for the reservation request.
A callback function to handle the response containing a group of current observations for the specified city IDs.
The name of the route filter to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the container where the backup copies are stored.
The maximum time to wait for the code package restart operation to complete, specified in milliseconds.
The number of authentication context class references retrieved from the identity.
The number of clients to return per page.
Specifies the number of results to return per page in the response.
Provides a record of administrative and user activities, including actions like adding new users and modifying account settings.
The navigation property accessPackageresourceRoles for identityGovernance is being deleted.
The API version to be used for the request.
Indicates whether the client request ID is returned in the response.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier of the check item to be deleted.
Number of variants associated with a gene
Ordering criteria for the result set.
The unique identifier for the notebook to be deleted.
Updates the allocated ranges assigned to a connection.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet from which points are to be retrieved.
Expands the image.
Search term used to filter instances belonging to users.
The owner of the repository from which the topic will be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the invoice whose items are to be retrieved.
The name of the group associated with the task.
The navigation property sections in me
This parameter specifies the mode of data loss to be induced for the partition. It determines the extent of data loss and the behavior during the process:  - **partialdataloss**: Only a quorum of replicas are removed, triggering the `ondataloss` API for the partition. Actual data loss depends on whether in-flight replication is ongoing. - **fulldataloss**: All replicas are removed, resulting in complete data loss, and the `ondataloss` API is triggered accordingly.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array specifying the type(s) of places to retrieve.
The name of the asset for which detailed information is requested.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the credit note to be retrieved as a PDF file.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with the current user.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event to be forwarded.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested objects.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or extended properties.
The user parameter specifies the user for whom calendar sharing roles are being checked or invoked.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier (oid) of the property to retrieve.
A token that specifies the page of results to return.
The name of the resource group that contains the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for a reservation order.
Indicates whether the invoice item is in raw form.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
The 'if-match' header is used to ensure that the operation is performed only if the current ETag of the resource matches the provided value, preventing conflicts during concurrent updates.
The unique identifier for the merchant account.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of similar items to return.
Retrieve the versions associated with a specific item identified by its ID from the drives.
The version of the API being used.
Number of entries to skip in the search results
page number of results to return (1-indexed)
The name of the resource group.
The ID of the profile.
The parameter 'ordertype' is a string that specifies the order type for the team members list.
The parent resource under which this agent will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the workbook table to be deleted.
get information about the issues that occurred on the top 25 zoom rooms with issues in an account, with optional monthly date range filtering using `from` and `to` parameters (must be within the last six months)
The parent resource name that identifies the project and location for listing groups.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the public SSH key.
The date and time when the charging station was last updated, filtered to include only those updated at or before the specified timestamp.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope to be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The parameter description is: OAuth authorizations API, which is used by integrations to create personal access tokens and OAuth tokens.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be cleaned.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property calls related to the app.
The ETag value to match. If the ETag matches the current state of the resource, the request will be processed; otherwise, a 412 (Precondition Failed) response is returned.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin database.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB SQL database for which the RU/s (Request Units per second) will be updated.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property exceptionoccurrences is to be updated.
Parameter description: A string representing the group to search for within Boston crime entries.
Specifies the number of entities to return.
Specifies the ETag value to ensure the job schedule has not been modified since the last retrieval.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The language parameter specifies the desired language for the response.
The unique identifier for the education user.
The parameter describes the lifetime of the API2CRM integration for the account.
retrieves the billing plan information for the specified account, including the current billing plan, successor plans, billing address, and billing credit card. by default the successor plan and credit card information is included in the response. you can exclude this information from the response by adding the appropriate optional query string and setting it to * * false * *. response the response returns the billing plan information, including the currency code, for the plan. the ` billingplan ` and ` succesorplans `
The fields selected for the analysis rule plug-in.
The name of the resource group.
The subscription ID used to identify the share.
The unique identifier for the public group whose latest release is to be retrieved.
Name of the server to retrieve information about.
The unique identifier for the web property.
The name of the resource group containing the capacity pools.
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
The page parameter specifies the current page number for pagination.
Retrieve a list of base types from the specified drive.
The name of the VPN connection to create or update.
Sort order for albums, including those rated, bought, or wishlisted by the user.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the virtual machine associated with the guest configuration assignment.
The unique identifier for the user to check purchase or rental history.
The name of the resource group to list express route ports for.
The name of the provisioning service to retrieve the shared access policy from.
The unique identifier for the group.
The name of the dashboard to be created or updated.
The parameter describes the geolocation associated with a specific recurring SDD whitelist entry in the bunq system.
The unique identifier of the drive item (workbook) from which rows are to be retrieved.
The login parameter is a string used to authenticate and access the product variant information.
unique identifier for the DICOM instance of interest
The name of the resource group.
A string used to search for person records.
The name of the virtual machine for which the guest configuration assignment information is being retrieved.
The maximum number of comments to return.
The resource identifier for which alerts are targeted.
The index of the label to be replaced.
The number of experiments to return per page.
The database name must be valid and unique; it cannot already exist in the system.
filter parameter to specify the domain name references from domains
A selector to filter the replication controllers by labels.
The unique identifier for the event.
Filter to specify the database for which sensitivity labels are retrieved.
The API key used for authentication with the Postmark server.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response, expanding them into their respective details.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The API version for retrieving the load balancer frontend IP configuration.
The unique identifier of the fiscal properties record to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieves all available parent paths for any object type such as node, leaf node, policy node, and index node objects. For more information about objects, see directory structure. Use this API to evaluate all parents for an object. The call returns all objects from the root of the directory up to the requested object. The API returns the number of paths based on user-defined maxResults, in case there are multiple paths to the parent. The order of the paths and nodes returned is consistent among multiple API calls unless the objects are modified.
The date in the OCP (Azure Batch) context, typically used for tracking or identifying when a specific operation or event occurred.
Returns a boolean indicating whether single value extended properties are available for users.
The language for the bunq payment.
The name of the export for which the execution history is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the environment.
The name of the policy assignment at the resource group level.
The name of the gallery to retrieve information about.
The name of the Cassandra table within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Cancels the authorization on a payment that has not yet been captured, returning a unique reference for the request. The outcome is communicated asynchronously via a technical_cancel webhook.
The ref can be a SHA, a branch name, or a tag name.
Indicates whether the event notification subscription is enabled.
The unique identifier for the employee whose occupational disabilities are being retrieved.
The minimum value or threshold for the parameter.
Unique identifier for the transcoding session's uptime record.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the node pool to configure autoscaling.
The page number of the results to return.
Expands the SQL Server configuration or connection string details.
The name of the virtual machine extension.
The ID of the pool to which the user account is associated.
The unique identifier for the NSX-V Manager data source.
filter: A string used to filter the list of employees by employer ID.
Filters the results based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier of the access package assignment.
The version of the API being used.
The list of related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the logger to be deleted.
Creates a new navigation property to multivalue extended properties for groups, specifically for the conversation thread identified by the provided ID.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the user whose photo is being retrieved.
The region code to set for the game server.
The identifier of the profile card property to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the workbook pivot table.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
Search term for retrieving sales order lines from financials data.
Creates a new navigation property to the multi-value extended properties for the specified event.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification to the pool, used for conditional requests to check if the resource has been modified since that time.
The name of the event frame for which the security entry is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
page: the page number for pagination (default is 1)
The name of the resource group.
Format of the slates to be retrieved, typically indicating the week or time period.
The unique identifier of the item to be removed from the conversation.
This operation is only available if you have the invoice settlement feature enabled, which became generally available with Zuora Billing release 296 (March 2021). The feature supports unapplied payments, credit memos, and debit memos.
Specifies the order in which the resources scopes should be returned.
The location response header contains the URI used to obtain the status of the asynchronous deletion process.
Number of user configurations to retrieve.
Search query to filter activities from the drive.
The name of the cross connection to be updated.
Removes the specified parent from a file's parent list.
Deletes a resolver object with the specified type name.
The name of the firewall object.
Retrieve localized content from the branding configuration.
The name of the ExpressRoute gateway.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a workbook chart, used to specify which chart's font navigation property should be deleted.
Specifies the format of the output data, such as JSON, XML, or HTML.
list repositories that the authenticated user has explicit permission to access for an installation
An array of methods to be expanded for the user details.
The unique identifier for the on-demand page to which the region will be added.
Provides a string representation of the type information as defined by a type provider.
The name of the domain to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the event, used to specify the end point for retrieving events.
The unique identifier for the forum topic associated with the poll.
Specifies caching behavior for attachment notes.
The name of the workflow run.
A list of region IDs to be deleted.
Ordering parameter for sorting the results of the single value extended properties from users.
The unique identifier of the API version set to be updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The page number for pagination.
Search for entries in the tmdbmovies database based on the vote average, which is a numeric value.
Specifies the number of items to skip in the result set.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the hosted zone.
The list of tag keys to remove from the Amazon Neptune resource.
The name of the resource group where the container service is located.
The unique identifier for the job schedule to be checked.
The unique identifier for the client request.
Specifies whether to prefer using the existing indexer if it already exists.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property parentsectiongroup for groups.
Filter to retrieve specific attachments from users.
Number of records to skip
The unique identifier of the event frame on which the annotation is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role to be deleted.
The value of the if-match header for conditional deletion of navigation property groups for connections.
The algorithm used to generate the thumbprint of the certificate.
The parameter 'row' is an integer that specifies the row index to be invoked or accessed.
The expand parameter specifies additional related data to include in the response, such as detailed chart properties or linked resources.
Enumerates facet values for datasets and returns a list of values for each facet, useful for implementing guided navigation in large result sets.
gets all the synonyms that point to the tags identified in { tags }
Filters the single value extended properties for the current user.
An array of related resources to include in the response.
The parameter 'usedinsight - id' is a string that identifies the insight used in the upload renewal action.
The batch service upgrades each compute node in the pool during an upgrade. When a compute node is selected for upgrading, any tasks currently running on that node are removed and returned to the task queue to be rerun later or on another compute node. The node remains unavailable until the upgrade process is fully completed. This results in a temporary reduction in the overall pool capacity as nodes are taken offline for the upgrade.
The parameter 'type' is a string used to specify the kind of open house data being accessed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource to be updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified user, identified by the sectiongroup ID, is being updated.
The maximum number of batches to return per page.
The unique identifier for the content release version to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property to single value extended properties is being created.
number of educational activities to retrieve
reverse geocode parameter for spatialkeys, indicating whether to perform reverse geocoding (boolean flag)
The date associated with the OCP (Azure Batch) job schedule.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of manifests
Name of the fabric to which the replication protected item belongs.
number of entries to skip before starting to return results
The ID of the pool to be updated.
The resource to check permissions for.
The unique identifier of the section group.
The API version to check for deployment existence.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The location for which compute usages are being listed.
The name of the subscription to update the committed cursor for.
The maximum number of items to return.
The parameter describes the aggregation strategy applied to invoice items data during the API integration with CRM.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property parentsectiongroup for users.
Returns all invoices from the system.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
Bearer token for authentication
The navigation property 'sectiongroups' for the specified user identified by the 'onenotesection' ID will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package.
Describes the specified conversion tasks or all your conversion tasks. For more information, see the VM Import/Export User Guide. For information about the import manifest referenced by this API action, see VM Import Manifest.
The name parameter specifies the API version to retrieve.
Specifies the date and time after which the event was last modified, used to filter events.
The unique identifier for the team involved in the migration process.
The name of the resource for which endpoints are being retrieved.
The name of the long term retention database to be deleted.
The page number for pagination, indicating which page of results to retrieve.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for a list operation.
Search term for retrieving entities from subscriptions.
The date and time when the car listing was first seen on the marketplace, formatted as a string.
search term for filtering webaccounts
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, such as using `users/*/operations`, by specifying a custom binding like `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` in their service configuration. This enables flexibility in how operations are named and accessed, while maintaining backward compatibility with the default naming convention that includes the operations collection ID.
The unique identifier for the company whose financials navigation property currencies is to be deleted.
Specifies the job schedule to retrieve information for.
The unique identifier for a reservation order.
The name of the tag to be deleted.
Retrieve a list of items from the workbooks, specifically filtering or selecting based on the provided criteria.
The maximum number of report records to return.
The unique identifier for the term used to reference the term in the term store.
The unique identifier for the team tab to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the server.
The number of operations to return.
The navigation property `evaluatedlppoliciesjobs` in the `dataclassification` entity is updated with the provided `jobresponsebase` ID.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Array of sectiongroups to be included in the response
The number of seconds to wait for a response before timing out.
The parameter specifies the unique identifier of the multivalue legacy extended property to be deleted from the navigation property.
An array containing the endpoints retrieved from the print operation.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network is located.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Gets the health of a service fabric node. Use eventshealthstatefilter to filter the collection of health events reported on the node based on the health state. Use clusterhealthpolicy in the post body to override the health policies used to evaluate the health.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The page number for pagination.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
minimum fiber requirement in grams
The hostname of the iOS device for which the group is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The Azure subscription ID associated with the app or deployment slot.
The navigation property sections for the current user.
The parameter describes the system tags that are returned by the API.
The revision number of the pension revision to be deleted.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Retrieve all VA health facilities within a specified drive time from a given location using either an address (street address, city, state, and zip) or geographic coordinates (latitude and longitude). Optional filters include drive time and specific services. The response is paginated, with pagination details provided in the "links" and "meta" fields of the JSON API response. The "attributes" field contains detailed information about the facilities.
The ETag value to match for conditional requests.
The update summary of the specified device name.
The unique identifier of the site for which the navigation property to section groups is being created.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The navigation property metricvalues in devicemanagement that is associated with the userexperienceanalyticsmetric identified by the specified ID.
The resource identifier for the registration.
The region associated with the bunq API.
Filter the collection of health events reported on the node based on the health state.
The unique identifier for the enterprise.
Possible values for the label name 'location' are limited to string types, typically representing geographical or logical locations such as "us-east-1", "eu-west-2", "production", "staging", etc.
The name of the resource group containing the web app slots.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the lab.
The identifier for the assignment of a Windows feature update profile in device management.
The unique identifier of the parent organization.
The audio bitrate of the video stream in bits per second.
the image search api lets you send a search query to bing and get back a list of relevant images. this section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request images and the json response objects that contain them. for examples that show how to make requests, see [ searching
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving businessflows from approvalworkflowproviders
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The IP address of the customer.
The generation identifier for the ACL entry to be permanently deleted.
The unique identifier for the client operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription to retrieve applicable reservations for.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the network mapping to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the REST API.
The 'crd' parameter is used to specify a particular regulation or document identifier in the query.
Specifies the field by which the landing pages should be sorted.
The name of the virtual WAN resource to create or update.
The parameter 'count' is a boolean value used to determine whether to return the count of taught classes.
The name of the owner of the releases being queried.
The unique identifier for the service used to establish an authorized connection.
protected branches are available in public repositories with github free and github free for organizations, and in public and private repositories with github pro, github team, github enterprise cloud, and github enterprise server. for more information, see [ github's products ] ( https : / / help. github. com / github / getting - started - with - github / githubs - products ) in the github help documentation. updating required status
List of related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The version of the API being used.
Name of the web site, deployment slot, or specific scaled-out instance
Filters the access package resource roles based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Token for the next page of results.
Specifies the field by which the landing pages should be sorted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The type of monitoring object to retrieve, either 'facility' or 'cluster'.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be updated.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the recovery services vault.
The name of the resource group to unregister.
The unique identifier of the governance resource for which the role definitions are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Name of the network interface for which network security groups are being retrieved.
The parameter description is: modify a setting for an Amazon Aurora Global Cluster by specifying one or more database configuration parameters and their new values. This action applies only to Aurora.
The date and time after which conversions were created, in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the application version.
Specifies the behavior when no match is found for the requested bloodline; returns a string indicating the response in such cases.
The parameter 'manageddevice - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a managed device, used to retrieve the reference of detected applications associated with the user.
Specifies the search criteria used to filter documents, with the format depending on the chosen query parser (e.g., simple, structured, full-text, or phrase).
The unique identifier for the section group.
The IP port of the PSU (Payment Service User).
The currency parameter specifies the monetary unit for the results.
Indicates whether task scheduling is disabled on the specified compute node.
The unique identifier of the term to which the navigation property should be updated.
The integer value representing the agent number of the trap destination to be removed.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the managed device mobile app configuration.
The name of the resource group containing the recovery services provider.
The path to the device associated with the express route cross connection.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The status message describing the current state of the partner integration.
The name of the resource group where the API management service is located.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the datashare to be authorized for sharing with consumer accounts.
list of user roles, possibly filtered, supports paging
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in groups that corresponds to the specified OneNote section ID.
The parameter 'sites' is a string that represents the site for which the overall quality is being retrieved.
The API version to create or update the publisher notification for.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
the length of time (in seconds) over which the statistic is applied. valid values are 1, 5, 10, 30, and any multiple of 60.
The name of the application gateway to start.
The object identifier of the groups to which the user belongs.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the virtual machine instance within the scale set.
A string parameter that specifies the type of web ID for the channel.
The date in the format of OCP (OpenShift Container Platform) for the compute node.
Creates a new navigation property to instances for the calendar group identified by the provided ID.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results in a large result set.
The unique identifier for the device management script user state.
The version of the API being used or updated.
Number of references to definitions from device management.
Specifies the field to sort the online meetings by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The TPP signature certificate used for authenticating the request. This field is contained but commented out in this specification.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the drive item containing the workbook.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the device compliance script device state.
The unique identifier for the database cluster.
The version of the API used for retrieving Azure Active Directory metadata.
The unique identifier of the user whose parent notebook navigation property is to be deleted.
Specifies whether to return partial success results if the request fails.
list of advertiser IDs to filter the results
The unique identifier of the drive item (workbook) for which the worksheets navigation property will be deleted.
The name of the workspace.
Filter criteria for retrieving journal runs associated with a specific payroll administration ID.
The resource to which labels will be applied.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
An array containing pages retrieved from the specified sites.
The navigation property 'pages' for the specified group identified by the 'onenotesection' ID will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the input device to retrieve the latest thumbnail data.
The unique identifier for the team associated with the duty schedule.
The user agent string to identify the requesting client or application.
Specifies the cabin class for the deep link, such as 'economy', 'business', or 'first'.
The parent parameter specifies the project and location where the new appconnector will be created.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the group to be updated.
The unique identifier for the store.
Retrieve a list of tasks assigned to users.
The 'listitemversion - id' parameter represents the unique identifier for a specific version of a list item within shares.
The unique identifier of the event in the calendar view.
List of encoding types accepted by the server for the request.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The unique identifier for the experiment.
The unique identifier for the event.
Indicates whether dependent resources should be deleted when the PersistentVolumeClaim is deleted.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The identifier of the group to delete the navigation property multivalueextendedproperties from.
Minimum time to watch for changes, specified as a string.
The name of the resource group where the VM scale set will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier of the workbook within the drive item.
Specifies the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
The name of the resource group for the engagementfabric account.
The project associated with the rule of the specified priority.
The start datetime for the calendar view.
Specifies caching behavior for the statement export of a single payment.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The volume to be resized in case of an emergency.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection to be deleted.
The API version identifier used to specify the version of the API endpoint.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
An array of access package resource scopes retrieved from the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the record to be edited.
The start datetime for the calendar view.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The PSU's acceptance status for the account information consent object.
Specifies the field by which results should be ordered.
Retrieve a list of calendar views associated with the current user.
The API version for the request.
The API version string used for validating the autoscale formula.
The region for which the list of VPN gateways is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the product whose subscription price is being updated.
The flavor of the trained iteration to export.
The FIPS code for the county or state where the public water system is located.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the company whose financials item is being retrieved.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with the current user.
The navigation property seriesaxis in workbooks
The name of the code package for which container logs are to be retrieved on a Service Fabric node.
A string value used to securely identify or authenticate a profile, which is removed when classification attributes are stripped.
creates a new recorder with specified playback channels
filter: A string used to filter the list of employments for an employer.
The identifier for the Windows quality update profile used to delete navigation property assignments in device management.
The unique identifier of the gist to be updated.
fetch a closed interval of nucleotides on a given chromosome, including the start and stop positions
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The project ID for this request.
The unique identifier for the dashboard to be updated.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
Search for entries of type tmdb movies with a specified budget.
The version of the API to be added.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the webhook.
page number of the requested page
The unique identifier for the resource namespace in the unified RBAC system.
Retrieve the title from the provided workbooks, returning it as an array.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the local network gateway to be deleted.
Specifies the maximum number of instance groups to return in the response.
Creates a new navigation property linking communications to sessions, specifically for call records identified by a unique string ID.
The name of the view to retrieve from the data lake analytics catalog.
Indicates whether deleted HMAC keys should be included in the results.
Specifies whether null values should be sorted last in the result set.
The unique identifier for the application to which the log drain will be added.
The maximum value indicating the most recent update time for volume annotations.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
The query parameter is a string used to perform a search operation.
The name of the resource group containing the DNS zone.
The unique identifier for the calendar to cancel the action.
The name of the Azure Search data source to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The unique identifier for the product, typically a string value.
Number of records to skip before starting to return results
The ID of the screen tab to be deleted.
The name of the web job to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the project repository.
search for entries of type boston crime by street name
The API version used for checking the availability of a private IP address.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group for which alert rules are to be listed.
The name of the virtual network to be deleted.
The region associated with the user's company on the bunq platform.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The ETag value to ensure the resource is unchanged during the operation.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied.
Retrieve a list of endpoints associated with the print service.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in workbooks that corresponds to the specified drive item ID.
The unique identifier for the team member.
The name of the resource group containing the DNS zone.
The list of gene identifiers associated with the specified publication.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart from which to retrieve a line.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results if the list of domains is too large to return in a single response.
Locks a specified thing, reserving it for exclusive use.
Minimum longitude value for filtering sado tts data entries.
The type of membership, represented as an integer, indicating the role or status of a member within a group or clan.
The username used to identify the user for whom the applicable start/stop schedules are listed.
Specifies items to exclude from the child items list.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the service in Apideck.
The name of the resource group.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the code signing configuration to be updated.
The unique identifier of the API from which the issue will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the session whose view data is to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group where the web app is located.
Filter apps based on specified criteria.
The number of report records to retrieve, limited to a maximum of 100.
The name of the resource group to be deleted.
The project identifier for the targetgrpcproxy resource.
Specifies the order in which search results are sorted; if not provided, the default sorting order is applied.
list of all the files / folders that are attached to your project for a given storage provider
The number of top resources to retrieve from the sites.
search filter for toll-free prefixes in the US
The identifier for the access package resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the shared insight.
The name of the compute policy to be updated.
The server public key for this installation.
The email address used to identify the user or entity for accessing personally identifiable information (PII).
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the creative field to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the role.
The name of the billing account.
The end time of the IP set.
Ordering criteria for the taught classes reference.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The response includes the partition id, partitioning scheme information, keys supported by the partition, status, health, and other details about the partition.
The name of the device where the user information will be created or updated.
Retrieve an array of replies from the specified workbooks.
The unique identifier for the branch associated with the landlord login creation request.
The name of the resource group containing the recovery plan to be reprotected.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a workbook chart, used to specify which chart's font navigation property should be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier for the team template.
filter parameter to narrow down the operations from workbooks
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The API version for listing all mount targets associated with the volume.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The identifier of the logger entity to be checked for association with the diagnostics entity.
Filter criteria for retrieving steps from identity governance.
returns questions which have received no answers; use the tagged parameter with a semi-colon delimited list of tags to constrain results to questions with all specified tags (and constraint); more than 5 tags are not allowed
The unique identifier of the container that contains the tag.
The region for which the list of instance group resources is retrieved.
The name of the Azure key vault to retrieve.
The name of the resource associated with the replication protected item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package catalog.
The parameter 'slot' is a string that specifies the logging configuration slot for the app.
The unique identifier of the user whose identity information is being updated.
number of sections to retrieve
Returns a comma-separated value (CSV) file of the facilities found, using the qid obtained from a get_facilities or get_facility_info query.
The unique identifier for the Windows quality update profile.
Retrieve an array of photos from users.
The name of the gallery application.
The name of the share to be created or updated.
The name of the database to be retrieved.
The name of the virtual machine scale set for which the rolling upgrade is to be canceled.
protected branches are available in public repositories with github free and github free for organizations, and in public and private repositories with github pro, github team, github enterprise cloud, and github enterprise server. for more information, see [github's products](https://help.github.com/github/getting-started-with-github/githubs-products) in the github help documentation. protecting a branch requires
The unique identifier of the resource to which the policy is applied.
The name of the protection container.
Retrieve the list of columns from the sites table, specifically focusing on the 'id' column, which is of type string.
Specifies the page size for the response set in the query.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'events' is to be updated.
The unique identifier for the REST API resource.
Retrieve the bucket task board format from the planner, specifically selecting the array of task board formats.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the redis cache to be updated.
The deployment slot name for the app.
Number of subscriptions to retrieve from drives
The unique identifier for the group to be disassociated from the product.
The identifier of the property for which details are to be retrieved.
Search term for retrieving memberof information from devices.
The unique identifier for the contact folder.
name: The name of the operation.
The ID of the drive item representing the workbook.
The Google Cloud project ID for this request.
The maximum number of results to return per page. Default value is 100 if not specified.
The maximum number of activities to return.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the shared DB cluster snapshot.
The continuation token to retrieve the next segment of chaos events.
The page number of the projects list to retrieve.
Timeout in seconds for the operation
The currency identifier to update the navigation property currencies in financials.
A single record in JSON format
The name of the resource group where the VMware collector is located.
The concept employee ID used to retrieve the corresponding citizen service number (BSN).
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The API key used for authentication to access the play event functionality.
Name of the solution to be created.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the event to update the navigation property calendar for.
Specifies the radius for the search query, defining the spatial extent around the specified location.
Indicates whether the attachment data is final or not.
The unique identifier for the site from which sections are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the project to be published.
Specifies whether the event notification subscription is enabled.
The name of the project for which the policy is to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the drive to update.
The unique identifier for the demographic information related to the dependent being removed.
directionnum denotes a binary direction (0 or 1) of the bus. There is no specific mapping to direction, but a different value for the same route signifies that the buses are traveling in opposite directions. Use the tripdirection to determine the actual direction.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property attachments are to be deleted.
The fleet ID the character is in, if any.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
description of the search result entries for sunrise/sunset display
The unique identifier for the client request, used for tracking and debugging purposes.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
for clusters that have the repair manager service configured, this API provides a way to create repair tasks that run automatically or manually. For repair tasks that run automatically, an appropriate repair executor must be running for each repair action to run automatically. These are currently only available in specially-configured environments.
The API version to use for the request.
The maximum number of results to return in a single page.
filter to apply when retrieving extensions from users
The name of the cluster to configure the gateway settings for.
Creates a new navigation property to section groups for the specified OneNote page by using the provided ID.
The unique identifier for the sectiongroup.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
Specifies the field used to sort the list of target instance resources.
The name of the resource group where the app will be created or updated.
Specifies the token to skip to continue listing configuration stores.
The maximum number of versions to retrieve from the drives.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the virtual machine extension to be deleted.
reports health state of the specified service fabric partition. the report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported. the report is sent to a service fabric gateway partition, which forwards to the health store. the report may be accepted by the gateway, but rejected by the health store after extra validation. for example, the health store may reject the report because of an invalid parameter, like a stale sequence number. to see whether the report was applied in the health store, run getpartitionhealth and check that the report appears
get replies from teams
The unique identifier of the group to update the navigation property planner for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the calendar associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The unique identifier of the site.
The unique identifier of the subscription associated with the application gateway.
The navigation property multivalueextendedproperties for the specified calendar ID in the user's mailbox.
The unique identifier of the event to be moved.
The type of peering for which the available peering locations are being listed.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
Retrieve a list of attachments associated with users.
The parameter specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name parameter specifies the unique identifier for the diagnostic settings.
The name of the resource group containing the public IP address.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the app instance.
This operation is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
Returns variants associated with a specified gene.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The unique identifier for the store.
Unique identifier for the message being sent.
page number of the results to fetch
The Google Cloud project ID.
Specifies the load balancer to retrieve.
Name of the resource group to which the user will be added.
The name of the resource group containing the express route cross connection.
The name of the snapshot to retrieve details for.
The navigation property 'extensions' in users is updated with the specified 'todotasklist - id' as a string.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property attachments are to be deleted.
The type of image to be deleted.
The name of the database to be deleted.
Specifies the field by which the projects should be sorted.
The unique identifier of the access package resource to be deleted.
The API version to use for the request.
The ETag value used for conditional requests based on the current state of the resource.
The parameter $expand specifies the extensions to retrieve from the groups.
Retrieve the column positions from the drive, specifically expanding the data to include detailed positioning information.
The API version string used for validating the autoscale formula.
The navigation property operations in workbooks that need to be updated, identified by the unique identifier (ID) of the operation.
The version of the API being used.
prefix for database tables
The project identifier for the target pool.
The maximum number of icons to return that are licensed under the public domain.
The identifier for the compute node pool.
The value, rolloutrules, and percentagerules attributes can be modified. All other attributes must be explicitly set to their original values to prevent unintended changes.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual WAN P2S VPN gateway.
The contact ID to update the navigation property singleValueExtendedProperties for the current user.
Specifies the number of results to return per page.
The parent organization or entity to which the assets belong.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal to update the delegated permission classifications for.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the current user's section group, identified by the provided ID, is updated.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the number of top security scores to retrieve.
The name of the resource group that contains the container to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workforce integration to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event being accepted.
The zone to which the instance belongs.
Filter criteria for role assignments.
The format of the media items to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
The division parameter specifies the geographic division for which polling places data is being retrieved.
Specifies the starting point for the next set of results in a paged response, allowing retrieval of subsequent pages of usage details.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
returns the description of a specific Amazon EFS file system if either the file system creation token or the file system ID is provided. Otherwise, it returns descriptions of all file systems owned by the caller's Amazon Web Services account in the Amazon Web Services region of the endpoint that you're calling. When retrieving all file system descriptions, you can optionally specify filters to narrow down the results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The navigation property 'events' for the current user is updated with the specified event ID.
The unique identifier for the event.
get extensions from me
Indicates whether the user has write access to the groups.
maximum number of results to return per page
The unique identifier for the subaccount.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be deleted.
An array of access package resource scopes retrieved from the identity governance system.
filter parameter to narrow down the list of domains in a project
Specifies the field by which to order the schedules.
A string used to filter the job history.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
Indicates whether automatic assertions should be excluded from the results.
A variety of information about the tweet specified by the requested id
The unique identifier for the event associated with the calendar navigation property of users.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified user with the given ID.
The name of the resource, typically representing the version associated with the secret value, that identifies the secret value resource to be deleted. Deletion will fail if the specified secret value is currently in use.
The list of related resources to be included in the response.
Ordering field for userflowattributes retrieval.
Creates a new navigation property to endpoints for print service with the specified ID.
The unique identifier of the absence contact history record to be deleted.
The name of the network security rule to retrieve.
The name of the gallery containing the image definition.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be retrieved.
The name of the private endpoint connection to be deleted, specified as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The token used for authentication to update the subscribed boards by board ID.
The name of the resource group that contains the test job stream.
The name of the domain mapping to be updated.
The parent identifier for the uploaded artifact, used to organize or reference the artifact within a hierarchy.
A callback function name to be used for JSONP requests.
Search parameter for entries of type census tracts in the database gazeteer_census_tracts, filtered by county_name.
The unique identifier for the query statistic to be retrieved.
The name of the endpoint where the custom domain will be created.
The name of the dashboard to be updated.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The parameter describes adding a single entity (such as a network, category, artist, playlist, genre, or service) to a user's list of followed items. Any HTML tags included in the metadata will be automatically removed.
The ID of the web property adwords link to be updated.
The unique identifier for the report schedule log.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the onenotepage with the specified ID.
The output parameter represents the spatial reference system identifier (SRID) for the geocoded result, indicating the coordinate system used for the output coordinates.
used to manage attachment notes
The name of the resource group to be deleted.
The name of the namespace for which authorization rules are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the recipe being reviewed, represented as an integer.
The format of the output data, specifying how the results should be structured or presented.
The name of the resource group containing the application gateways.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
description for stopping ongoing network packet capture for the specified site
The name of the application gateway for which the backend health is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the inventory item.
The timeout duration in milliseconds for idle client connections before they are closed.
Indicates whether to include notifications from ancestor entities.
The raw parameter is a boolean value used to indicate whether the creation process should be performed in a raw format.
Filter documents by linked record type, returning links ordered by creation date in descending order.
The unique identifier for the site.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or metadata.
The name of the Azure Search service for which the primary and secondary API keys are being retrieved.
build an image from a tar archive containing a Dockerfile that defines the build process. The Dockerfile can be located in the root of the archive or at a different path, and it can have a custom name if specified via the `dockerfile` parameter.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet from which to retrieve the line.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A filter string to apply conditions on the protected earnings records retrieved by employment ID.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the bulk send list.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The date when the construction permit was created.
The unique identifier of the spreadsheet.
The count of non-custodial sources retrieved from compliance.
Parameter description: A string used to specify the search criteria for facilities or clusters.
The name of the service manifest being requested.
The name of the profile to be updated.
The unique identifier for the profile associated with the experiment.
This API allows updating properties of a running Service Fabric service. The set of properties that can be updated are a subset of those specified during the service's creation. The current properties can be retrieved using the `GetServiceDescription` API. Note that updating service properties differs from upgrading an application using `StartApplicationUpgrade`.
The API version for creating or updating an express route circuit.
Specifies whether to retrieve the raw pipeline data.
The unique identifier for the group to which the user will be added.
The parent identifier for filtering certificates, restricting results to those belonging to the current client.
provisions an ipv4 or ipv6 address range for use with your amazon web services resources through bring your own ip addresses ( byoip ) and creates a corresponding address pool. after the address range is provisioned, it is ready to be advertised using advertisebyoipcidr. amazon web services verifies that you own the address range and are authorized to advertise it. you must ensure that the address range is registered to you and that you created an
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The multivalue legacy extended property identifier for the user.
The name of the resource group.
Filter to apply on the operation.
The unique identifier for the benefit in kind record to be deleted.
The job transitions to the terminating state upon receiving a terminate request. The batch service then terminates any running tasks and executes job release tasks. After completion, the job enters the completed state. Tasks in the active state remain unaffected. No new tasks can be added once the job is terminated.
Specifies the maximum number of dedicated origination numbers to return in the response.
The maximum bitrate for streaming audio in the HLS playlist.
The name of the resource group where the app service plan is located.
The name of the device to be deleted.
The format of the stadiums data.
Specifies caching behavior for the notes associated with a given user.
The unique identifier of the event to delete from the user's calendar view.
The unique identifier for the user initiating the action.
search criteria for active fsbo cars, including geo-point with radius, year/make/model filters, multiple combinations, specification attributes, and similar cars by VIN or taxonomy VIN
The number of milliseconds to wait before timing out the job schedule.
The parameter description is: The ownership controls for the bucket. This includes the rules that define how object ownership is set for new objects in the bucket and for existing objects.
The starting index for the list of matching associations.
Filters the list of active creatives based on their open auction status.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials.
An array of tags associated with the user's systems.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
The earliest start date for any event in the combined calendar, which includes election and reporting dates along with commission meetings, conferences, outreach, advisory opinions, rules, litigation dates, and other events.
Search operator used to filter results based on specific criteria.
Resumes a queue after it has been paused or disabled. The queue's state will be set to running. Warning: Resuming many high-QPS queues simultaneously can lead to target overloading. If resuming high-QPS queues, follow the 500/50/5 pattern described in [managing Cloud Tasks].
adds an object to a bucket. you must have write permissions on a bucket to add an object to it. amazon s3 never adds partial objects ; if you receive a success response, amazon s3 added the entire object to the bucket. amazon s3 is a distributed system. if
Number of entries to skip before starting to return results
A unique identifier for the request.
The maximum date to filter events (format: YYYY-MM-DD).
The region where the target pool is located.
Users with a webinar plan can create and manage webinars, which allow a host to broadcast a meeting to up to 10,000 attendees. Scheduling a webinar with registration requires registrants to complete a form before receiving the join link.
The version of the API to use for the request.
the field by which to sort the results
Specifies the region to filter addresses by.
Filter by ad client ID to list hosted accounts associated with the AdSense account.
The name of the authorization rule used to access the notification hub.
The parameter 'agentnum' represents the username for the agent's MQTT client, which is an integer value used for authentication.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the job to which the task will be added.
validates if the products can be transferred in the context of the given transfer name
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the file.
The parameter description is: The API version to be used for the operation.
Returns the requested workflow scheme to the caller if it exists.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The parameter 'onenotepage - id1' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to retrieve media content associated with the navigation property 'pages' from a user's context.
The page number for pagination.
The API version for retrieving the load balancer probe.
returns a list of event source mappings created using the addeventsource operation, excluding Amazon S3 event sources. For each mapping, it provides configuration details. Optionally, filters can be specified to retrieve specific mappings. Requires the lambda:ListEventSources permission.
Charges a card using either a card nonce or a customer's stored card. To process the charge, include one of the following:   - The `card_nonce` parameter (for charging a payment token generated via the Web Payments SDK), or   - Both the `customer_id` and `customer_card_id` parameters (to charge a card on file for a specific customer).    This setup enables eligibility for Square's Chargeback Protection for eligible e-commerce transactions.
Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted.
The unique identifier of the user whose access request is being denied.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the lab account.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The name of the resource group.
This parameter identifies the partition of the stateful service whose secondary replica is to be moved. It must be provided as a string value.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Returns a timeseries of the top 100 editors by net bytes difference for a given MediaWiki project and date (day or month), with optional filters for editor type (all, anonymous, bot, name bot, user) and page type (all, content, non-content). The user_text field contains the MediaWiki username if the user is registered, otherwise "anonymous editor".
The unique identifier for the device configuration group assignment.
The starting position for retrieving users from the configured connect service.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The domain ID to which the navigation property is being created for shared email domain invitations.
The type of public water system to search for.
Updates PSU data on the consents resource if needed, supports authorization within the embedded SCA approach, allows selection of authentication method, and enables non-SCA PSU authentication.
The display name to be updated for the current user.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property agreements in identity governance.
The starting index for the list of books to return.
The name of the location to check for availability.
The navigation property 'parentsection' for the specified OneNote section will be deleted.
A filter to narrow down the list of features that can be specified in the SSL policy when using a custom profile.
The parameter 'x-api2crm-data-actual-at' is a string that represents the timestamp or date when the actual data was retrieved or processed, used for synchronizing user data between systems.
The nameidentifier parameter is used to specify the domain name for which ownership is being verified in the certificate order.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage note operations for a specific user.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
checks whether you have the required permissions to perform the action without actually performing it
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the resource group to query.
The parent resource name for which to list capacity commitments.
The number of unplayed items in the studio.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the list of related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
retrieves the custom object bulk job details by job id. only the users that have the "view custom objects" permission can retrieve custom object bulk jobs.
The region where the vpntunnel is located.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage requests to the bunq API.
The category of the item or resource.
The unique identifier for the user.
Avoid including sensitive information such as user names or secret project names when naming pools, as this data may appear in telemetry logs accessible to Microsoft support engineers.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The index of the pull request.
A callback function to handle the response data.
Filter criteria for retrieving events from groups.
The unique identifier for the agency associated with the advertiser.
Array of versions from agreements, expanded with additional details.
The value of the 'if-unmodified-since' header, used to conditionally execute the request only if the resource has not been modified since the specified date.
The number of seconds to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
search query for filtering user experience analytics application health application performance by OS version data
The deployment identifier to retrieve.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property accesspackageresourceenvironment under identitygovernance.
search query for filtering permissions in workbooks
describes the status of the specified instances or all of your instances. by default, only running instances are described, unless you specifically indicate to return the status of all instances. instance status includes the following components : status checks - amazon ec2 performs status checks on running ec2 instances to identify hardware and software issues. for more information, see status checks for your instances and troubleshooting instances with failed status checks in the amazon ec2 user guide. scheduled events - amazon ec2 can schedule events ( such as reboot, stop, or terminate ) for your instances related to hardware issues
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of column links in the drives navigation property.
Specifies whether to hide null values in the sort operation.
The name of the managed OpenShift cluster.
The unique identifier for the pension benefit.
The navigation property 'skills' for users is being deleted, specifically targeting the skill proficiency identified by the given ID.
Order by criteria for sorting the sections.
The index of the first item to return in the pagination.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway connection is created or updated.
deselects an issue - field select - list option from all issues where it is selected. a different option can be selected to replace the deselected option. the update can also be limited to a smaller set of issues by using a jql query. this is an [ as
The unique identifier for the partition whose health status is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A token used for pagination to skip to the next set of results.
The version of the API being used.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used to delete a web app.
The unique identifier of the application for which service package information is requested.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
message ID as a string to retrieve extensions for users
The unique identifier for the list in the sites navigation property.
The API version string used to specify the version of the API endpoint.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group containing the replication protected item that requires resynchronization.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
retrieves a list of all statements from a given source that match the specified target and statement string
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the service to be bound or updated.
The unique identifier for the custom data source to be deleted.
A string representing the search term or phrase to look for in tweets.
Returns an array of allowed groups for printing.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
The unique identifier for the partition that has been suspended from taking periodic backups.
The unique identifier for the mobile app troubleshooting event.
Specifies the order in which the multivalue extended properties should be returned.
The name of the web app whose source control configuration is to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the location associated with the merchant's online store orders.
Creates a new assessment with the specified name and settings. If an assessment with the given name already exists in the project, it will be updated instead of creating a duplicate. The operation transitions the assessment into an "inprogress" state, indicated by the `computationstate` field in the assessment object. During this state, no further PUT operations are permitted on the assessment.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group where the container registry is located.
The name of the chain to search for.
The username to be updated. If provided, it will override the existing username; if omitted, the current username remains unchanged.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property extensions in users.
Specifies whether to include the count of published resources in the response.
The longitude coordinate for the story location.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving pages from users
The name of the account to which the virtual network rule is associated.
This parameter allows you to specify a predefined set of metadata fields to include in the response, improving efficiency and consistency in data retrieval.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites to be updated, identified by the specified sectiongroup ID.
The project name to be validated.
The maximum number of shipping settings to return per page.
The name of the Lambda function, version, or alias.
The name of the container service to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
Authentication token for the bunq client.
The unique identifier of the list to which the navigation property is being created.
The name of the integration account.
The unique identifier for the event being declined.
The unique identifier for the history of the step.
The unique identifier for the resource operation.
list issues in a repository. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the
The version of the API used for updating the authentication and authorization settings of a web application.
The unique identifier for the message.
An array of access package resource roles retrieved from the identity governance system.
Indicates whether to include kids' content in the recommended live TV EPGs.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the app.
The unique identifier for the targeted managed app configuration.
Deletes the specified instant snapshot resource. Note that deleting a single instant snapshot might not necessarily delete all the data on that instant snapshot. If any data on the instant snapshot is marked for deletion, it will be removed according to the system's retention policies.
The namespace name for the service bus hybrid connection.
Specifies the number of items to skip in the result set.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the task file content before timing out.
Filter parameter to specify the criteria for listing dedicated cloud nodes within a resource group.
The unique identifier for the extension.
Deletes all tasks associated with the job and removes job statistics. Overrides the retention period for task data, causing the batch service to delete task working directories and their contents on compute nodes, even if they would otherwise be retained. Upon receiving a delete request, the job transitions to the 'deleting' state, after which any update operations on the job will fail with HTTP 409 (Conflict) status code.
number of records to skip for the paged response
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Number of events to return per page
The unique identifier for the API whose entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
The version of the API to be updated.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
The index of the issue's stopwatch to stop.
The unique identifier for the EFS file system.
The name of the media services account from which the account filter will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies caching behavior for the response.
Specifies the order in which the entities should be returned.
The number of top deployments to retrieve.
Specifies the username for actions; using 'me' refers to the username linked with the provided token.
The name of the policy assignment to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property policy related to information protection.
Maximum longitude value for filtering vocabulary term entries.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property b2cauthenticationmethodspolicy for policies.
The billing account name used to list the associated payment methods.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified sites.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The timeout value in milliseconds for the task.
A string representing the PSU IP port.
Filter to retrieve specific taught classes from the education data.
The name of the web job to retrieve.
The navigation property sections in groups that contains the onenotepage.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the user whose messages are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the drive item (such as a file or folder) in the workbook context.
The name of the resource group.
The body parameter contains the data for adding a new language.
The timeout value in seconds for the request.
The maximum number of records to return.
The content of the specified task file.
Specifies the condition to match for filtering pools based on their basic properties.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the DDoS protection plan to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for sites, identified by the sectiongroup ID.
The date and time when the authentication was performed, in ISO 8601 format (e.g., 2023-09-15T10:30:00Z).
The parameter description is: The resource name of the graph query to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the group whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
Specifies the transaction context against which the HIP would send over the data if the health information request is valid.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property linked to instances using the event ID as a string identifier.
Authentication token used to authorize the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the current user ('me') that is being updated.
Indicates whether to delete dependent resources when deleting the collection.
The unique identifier of the user whose single-value extended properties are to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the workflow.
The current work state of the person.
The unique identifier of the planner plan to which the progress task board format is associated.
The unique identifier for the backup profile.
Geolocation information used for retrieving quotes from Transferwise, specifically for bunq transactions.
A document object is used to store data associated with a specific identity or document. It can hold various types of files such as scans, PDFs, photos, and videos, which can later be processed (e.g., via the /scan function) to extract relevant information. Alternatively, you can manually provide extracted details. These objects serve as a foundation for creating entities based on either automatically extracted or manually entered data.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The if-match header for conditional deletion of the navigation property tasks.
A filter to search for elements by their name. If not provided, the default value will be used to return matching elements.
The start date for the daily user safe scoring calculation.
returns a paginated list of commits that modified the specified file. commits are returned in reverse chronological order. this is roughly equivalent to the following commands : $ git log - - follow - - date - order $ hg log - - follow by default, bitbucket will follow renames and the path name in the returned entries reflects that. this can be turned off using the `? rename`
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the email history.
An array of room type identifiers to filter the bookings by.
The number of extensions to retrieve from users.
An array of transportation modes to filter the lines and routes by.
The word for which definitions are to be returned.
The name of the network watcher resource.
Retrieve an array of fields from the shares data.
The unique identifier of the list item to restore.
Number of versions to skip
A token to retrieve the next page of results. This value is null when there are no more results to return.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The maximum number of shared email domain invitations to return.
List of audio routing groups to include in the response.
Sorts the results by the specified field.
Converts a date string into the format YYYYMMDD.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the application running on the device.
The parameter describes the reference ID of custodian sources within the compliance context, specifically identifying a source collection.
The name of the alert rule.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
sorts the results by the specified field in ascending or descending order
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, based on the specified property.
Specifies the behavior when the path does not refer to an existing document. If set, the server will attempt to create all necessary containing documents, similar to the Unix `mkdir -p` command.
The name of the load balancer to retrieve.
The name of the resource group containing the VM.
The parameter describes the version of the API being accessed.
The parameter describes a unique identifier for an access package assignment resource role within the identity governance system.
The number of arrival predictions to retrieve.
search criteria for filtering active auction cars, including geographic location with radius, specific year, make, model, or combinations thereof
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
configure a room with specified settings, including permissions and classification, ensuring that administrative access is properly managed based on inheritance settings.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The navigation property 'customers' for 'bookingbusinesses' is being deleted. The parameter 'bookingcustomer-id' is of type string and represents the unique identifier for the customer to be removed from the booking business.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the action to be performed on the underlying resource.
Specifies the field by which results should be ordered.
The name of the network watcher resource.
Specifies the condition type for filtering the product list based on the search criteria.
Indicates whether unknown fields in the request should be rejected during the update operation.
The parameter describes the API version used for updating the logging configuration of an app.
A token that indicates the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the charge station.
Retrieve a list of troubleshooting events related to device management.
The timestamp from which to retrieve file information, specified as a number.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The pool's allocation state must be steady to allow resizing. If the pool is already resizing, the request will fail with status code 409. Resizing a pool changes its allocation state from steady to resizing. Pools configured for automatic scaling cannot be resized; attempting to do so results in a 409 error from the batch service.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'lookupby' is used to specify the identifier type for querying the reserved amount, either by article id or by sku.
The scope within which the template validation is to be performed.
The label selector used to filter the endpoint slices to be deleted.
The name of the peering connection to be deleted.
The name of the resource group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the company.
maximum longitude value to filter entries
The unique identifier for the device management configuration setting.
Unique identifier for tracking client requests related to attachment notes.
The unique identifier for the application for which the queue is being created.
The name parameter specifies the bucket to update.
The unique identifier for the web hook.
The name of the virtual machine for which guest configuration assignments are being listed.
The unique identifier for the group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
The name of the transform for which jobs are listed.
The token used for accessing the event offers service.
The unique identifier for the resource operation being updated in the device management navigation property.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the account user profile.
Token used to retrieve the next page of results.
The name of the application.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be deleted.
The name of the operation to retrieve for the network trace capturing or deployment slot.
draft pull requests are available in public repositories with GitHub Free and GitHub Free for Organizations, GitHub Pro, and legacy per-repository billing plans, and in public and private repositories with GitHub Team and GitHub Enterprise Cloud. For more information, see [GitHub's Products](https://help).
searches a site for any questions which fit the given criteria. this method is intentionally quite limited. for more general searching, you should use a proper internet search engine restricted to the domain of the site in question. at least one of tagged or intitle must be set on this method. nottagged is only used if tagged is also set, for performance reasons. tagged and nottagged are semi - colon delimited list of tags. at least 1 tag in tagged will be on each returned question if it is passed, making it the or equivalent of the and version of tagged
search query to filter pages from users
returns aggregate for meetings
The name of the developer account to credit.
The navigation property 'singlevalueextendedproperties' for the user's calendar, identified by the provided ID, is being updated.
Ordering parameter for the sectiongroups list, specifying the field to sort by.
The unique identifier for the list item.
The unique identifier for the channel catalog.
The name of the location where the long-running operation is being executed.
Specifies the maximum number of node groups to return in the response.
The role of the user within the organization.
The ID of the household to retrieve. If not provided, a list of all households accessible to the current user will be returned.
number of words to skip from the beginning of the wordlist
The navigation property font in workbooks to be updated.
The identifier of the group to delete the navigation property approleassignments for.
The unique identifier for the wait statistics record to be retrieved.
The name of the storage account to be backed up.
The integer value representing the species type key used to filter active objects by species and date.
The unique identifier for the project associated with the iteration.
The start date for the refund search, formatted as a string.
number of sections to retrieve
The unique identifier for the group from which pages are to be retrieved.
Retrieve a single value extended property from a group.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the collection from which data rows will be deleted.
The autoscale formula to be applied to the pool. This parameter is required if automatic scaling is disabled or if you want to update the existing formula.
Specifies the date and time after which the task file was last modified, used to filter tasks based on their modification timestamp.
Specifies the target pool to be retrieved.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for selective retrieval of data.
The unique identifier of the user whose parent notebook navigation property is to be updated.
An array of tag specifications for the managed prefix list. Each specification consists of a resource type and a list of tags to apply to the resource.
A string parameter that specifies the callback function to be invoked after data retrieval for the SDWA sanitary surveys section of the DFR.
The name of the resource group that contains the app.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
filter to determine the metrics to retrieve for the specified database account, specifically for PBS and replication latency data
Ordering criteria for the events returned.
Limits the number of events returned in the response.
The unique identifier for the web property associated with the profile filter link.
analyzes a photograph of a form as input, and outputs key business fields and information. customzie data to be extracted by defining fields for the form. note : for free tier api keys, it is required to add a credit card to your account for security reasons, to use the free
Specifies whether to return partial success if some resources fail to be retrieved.
The number of members to skip for the current result set.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the planner plan associated with the user.
The authorization parameter is a string that represents the access token or credential used to authenticate and authorize the request for health information. It ensures that only authorized entities can access the data associated with the given consent ID.
The date parameter specifies the week for which the change chart is to be resolved.
The API version used for deleting the resource by ID.
The unique identifier for the approval process in role management.
Indicates whether the operation is a dry run. If set to true, the request is validated without actually performing the action.
The unique identifier for the hotel whose rate plans you want to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
name of the experiment to start
The parameter describes a unique identifier for a tracing span within the zap tracing system, used to track and correlate operations in a scraper target.
Number of printer shares to skip
A filter to narrow down the list of interconnect attachments based on specified criteria.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB SQL container to be deleted.
The parameter describes a navigation property reference to custodiansources for compliance, specifically identifying the source collection by its unique ID.
The region where the notification endpoint is to be deleted.
The identifier of the property for which the entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
lists the folders that are direct descendants of the supplied parent resource, providing a strongly consistent view and returning them sorted in ascending lexical order by display name.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
percentage of gameplay completed
The unique identifier for the spreadsheet.
Maximum date for retrieving connection logs
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
The parameter 'id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for the device management script device state.
The number of resources to skip.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The name of the streaming endpoint to be scaled.
The API version to be used for the request.
Name of the application to resume upgrading.
Specifies whether to include only entries with null values in the sorting operation.
The API key used for authentication to revert the specified snapshot.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the section group for which the navigation property pages will be deleted.
Order of the result set
The API version for querying policy tracked resources under the management group.
The parent resource where the node pool will be created.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
avatars are public images used to represent you or your company. avatars are used to represent users, monetary accounts and cash registers. avatars cannot be deleted, only replaced. avatars can be updated after uploading the image you would like to use through attachmentpublic. using the attachment _ public _ u
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
Number of drives to retrieve from the groups.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes the unique identifier of a named item within the workbook, used to reference specific ranges or values in Excel-like applications.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal from which to retrieve the token lifetime policy reference.
The entity state (etag) version of the issue attachment for the specified API.
The unique identifier for the alert to be restored.
Number of user groups to skip for the current page of results
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the notebook will be copied.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property customers in bookingbusinesses to be updated, identified by the bookingbusiness ID.
The number of top sections to retrieve from the groups.
A token to specify the next page of results.
Performs payroll run initiation via payroll administration ID, creating a payroll run with status 0 for subsequent processing.
The name of the resource group where the IoT Central application is located.
The unique identifier of the user whose single value extended properties are to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The maximum number of entities to retrieve.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription under which the gateways are located.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The unique identifier of the user for whom navigation property extensions are to be deleted.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property services related to printing.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the API Management service is located.
description of the search entries of type cod sounding
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the education user.
The timestamp indicating when the file was last modified, used to filter comments based on this date.
A token used to continue retrieving machines in the migrate project, typically used for pagination.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The count of unified group sources retrieved from compliance.
A unique identifier for the operation that tracks the progress of the quorum loss induction. Use this ID with the `getquorumlossprogress` API to monitor the status of the quorum loss operation.
The name of the workspace to create or update.
filter criteria for selecting entities from teams
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The maximum number of revisions to return.
Name of the hosting environment detector response
A unique key used to ensure idempotency for the request, preventing duplicate processing of the same payment link retrieval.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the scoped role membership.
The end time for the site detector response.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in identity governance.
The unique identifier for the event being accepted.
Specifies the timeout duration in minutes after which the API proxy will create a new connection to the backend. If not provided, a default timeout of 2 minutes is applied.
The version of the API to use.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin database will be created or updated.
Specifies the network interface IDs of the members to register with the transit gateway multicast group. These interfaces are associated with supported EC2 instances that will receive multicast traffic.
The unique identifier for the Android device owner enrollment profile.
Indicates whether to dry run the request, without persisting the changes.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be evaluated for security improvements.
The unique identifier for the customer whose financial picture is being retrieved.
The parameter 'unitdp' is an integer that specifies the unit decimal places for the item(s), used to determine the precision of unit-related values when updating or creating items.
The parameter describes the name of the endpoint from which content will be removed in the CDN.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials.
Indicates whether the order has been acknowledged.
The number of seconds to wait for a response before timing out.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property to section groups is being created.
Retrieve the series axis configuration from the specified workbook chart by providing the workbook chart's unique identifier.
Specifies whether null values should be sorted last in the result set.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The maximum number of results to return.
The ID of the project.
The name of the database advisor to be updated.
The location where the domain name is being checked for availability.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version identifier, typically a string representing the version of the API (e.g., "v1", "2023-10-01").
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Filter the access package assignment policies based on specified criteria.
application type name to filter by
The unique identifier for the conversation channel.
Name of the replication protected item to perform test failover on.
A unique identifier for the client request.
Specifies the token to retrieve the next set of results for the request. If the response contains a next marker, you can use it in a subsequent request to retrieve the next page of results.
The operations resource to be retrieved.
The API version for updating VPN site tags.
Geolocation information associated with the bunq invoice, typically represented as a string.
An array of devices associated with the user, expanded to include detailed information.
Number of business flows to skip.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket.
The API version string used to identify the specific version of the BGP service communities endpoint.
The name of the resource group that contains the API.
The ID of the education user reference to be deleted.
The domain name for which the latest purchase operation status is being retrieved.
The name of the integration account map.
Deletes a set of ads from the specified campaign using a list of inventory reference IDs.
A unique identifier for the migration job request.
The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
Maximum streaming bitrate for the media source.
The unique identifier of the service fabric application.
Each report provides a summary of financial data from Form 3, Form 3X, and Form 3P, including key metrics such as cash on hand, outstanding debts, total receipts, and total disbursements, which help assess a committee's financial health.
The maximum number of commits to return.
Specifies whether to return the count of customer payment journals instead of the actual data.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
The maximum number of agents to retrieve.
Resets the configuration settings of the current slot if they were previously modified by calling the API with POST.
The API identifier used for authentication and authorization purposes.
get buckets from users
The name of the database to be deleted.
The number of audio channels in the transcoded audio stream.
The unique identifier for the campaign.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage to be copied.
The maximum number of records to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the partition to be restarted.
The API version for the operation.
Unique identifier for the customer.
lists the instances in the managed instance group and instances that are scheduled to be created. the list includes any current actions that the group has scheduled for its instances. the orderby query parameter is not supported. the `pagetoken` query parameter is supported only in the alpha and beta API and only if the group's `listmanagedinstancesresults` field is set to `paginated`.
The name of the registry containing the schema version to be deleted.
disables the automatic copying of snapshots from one region to another region for a specified cluster. if your cluster and its snapshots are encrypted using a customer master key (cmk) from key management service, use deletesnapshotcopygrant to delete the grant that grants amazon redshift permission to the cmk in
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be retrieved.
The API version identifier used to retrieve the list of watchers.
The name of the resource group containing the service fabric application.
The list of streams associated with the given channel.
Number of login records to return per page
The name of the resource group that contains the route table.
a list of corporation structures
The number of results to return per page.
The environment to download the knowledgebase from.
The unique identifier for the action card to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the data box edge / data box gateway device.
The instance to update the software on.
Duration of time since the playlists were last updated or popular.
The ID of the transit gateway attachment.
The name of the resource group that contains the data lake store account.
during an upgrade, the batch service upgrades each compute node in the pool. when a compute node is chosen for upgrade, any tasks running on that node are removed from the node and returned to the queue to be rerun later (or on a different compute node). the node will be unavailable until the upgrade is complete. this operation results in temporarily reduced pool capacity as nodes are taken out of service to be upgraded. although the batch service tries to avoid upgrading all compute nodes at the same time, it does not guarantee to do this (particularly on small pools); therefore, the impact on job execution should be considered.
The unique identifier for the version of the application from which patterns are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user initiating the action.
Retrieve a list of positions associated with the current user.
The name of the data connection to be deleted.
The name of the resource group that contains the storage account.
The name of the peering configuration for the express route circuit connection.
A string tag used to filter or identify shipments in the list.
A unique identifier for the client request.
Search for entries of type noaa flask month measurements by lab ID number.
The name of the resource group.
Indicates whether to accept the first frame of the given DICOM instance for decoding.
Stops any further changes to the pool's size, maintaining its current state. The pool allocation state transitions from 'stopping' to 'steady', and the pool stabilizes at the number of compute nodes present when the stop operation was initiated.
The project identifier for which the backend bucket resources are being retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
Search query for retrieving cloudpcs from devicemanagement
The project associated with the instance operation.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the notebook will be copied.
The page number of the results to return.
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified user, identified by the provided ID.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the event.
The name of the lab account.
information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported
The continue field is a token that allows retrieval of the next page of results in a list operation. It is used for pagination when the result set exceeds the limit of items returned in a single response.
Specifies whether to replace an existing association if one already exists for the security policy.
search for information about geographical names that correspond to features within a geographic area defined by a centre point and a radius. various options and filter parameters are available to refine the search
The Google Cloud project ID or project number.
lists the performance samples of a given sample series - the list results are sorted by timestamps ascending - the default page size is 500 samples ; and maximum size allowed 5000 - the response token indicates the last returned perfsample timestamp - when the results size exceeds the page size, submit a subsequent request including the page token to return the rest of the samples up to the page limit may return any of the following canonical error codes : - out _ of _ range - the specified request page _ token is out of valid range - not _ found - the containing perfs
Unique identifier for the client request, used to manage attachment notes.
The unique identifier for the project from which the tag will be deleted.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for expanded details in the output.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the route filter to be retrieved.
Retrieve extensions associated with users.
list of event tags, possibly filtered
The name of the express route cross connection.
filter to apply on versions from shares
The date of the task file to be deleted from the compute node.
The identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The name of the load balancer.
The name of the network to be updated in the ASR network mapping.
The unique identifier (ID) of the service principal to update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The end date for the search query, specified as a string in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
A unique identifier for the resource.
lists all of the jobs for the transform
The update operation allows modifying the SKU, encryption, access tier, or tags of a storage account. It also enables mapping the account to a custom domain, with support for only one custom domain per account. Replacement of an existing custom domain is not supported; the current custom domain must be cleared before setting a new one.
The unique identifier for the node associated with the user account.
Creates a new navigation property to extensions for the contact identified by the provided ID.
number of sectiongroups to retrieve
Authorization token for accessing the API.
The unique identifier for the tenant whose domain is being retrieved.
The value of the if-match header to ensure the correct version of the device management is deleted.
The name of the namespace for the WCF relay.
Retrieve a list of tasks assigned to the current user.
Retrieve historical activity items associated with a specific user by their unique identifier.
The identifier of the email template for which the entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
The API version to use for the request.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the workspace to which the file will be added.
search motorcycles around a given geo-point within a given radius, search motorcycles for a specific year/make/model or combination, search motorcycles matching multiple year/make/model combinations in the same request, filter results by most motorcycle specification attributes, and search for additional criteria.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the planner task associated with the group.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
find repositories via various criteria. this method returns up to 100 results [ per page ] ( https : / / docs. github. com / enterprise - server @ 2. 21 / rest / overview / resources - in - the - rest - api # pagination ). when searching for repositories, you can get text match metadata for the * * name * * and * * description * * fields when you pass the ` text - match ` media type. for more details about how to receive highlighted search results, see
The response includes the name, type, status, parameters, and other details about the application. If the applications don't fit in a page, one page is returned.
The region for which the public delegated prefixes are listed.
The time interval for listing report records.
The navigation property accesspackageresource for identitygovernance that is being deleted.
Navigation property assignment filter evaluation status details for users
Parameter description: Specifies the type of search result to return, either facilities or clusters, based on the provided search criteria.
The name of the Kusto cluster.
Maximum number of results to return.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group associated with the workspace.
The name of the data box edge or gateway device for which orders are being listed.
Creates a new discussion post on a team's page. OAuth access tokens require the `write:discussion` scope. This endpoint triggers notifications.
The unique identifier for the trigger, used to ensure atomicity during deletion.
enables a job schedule
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in identitygovernance.
The unique identifier for the video.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version to be used for the request.
The number of items to skip in the result set.
name: marker type: string
fetch basic information about candidates and their principal committees. each result reflects a unique fec candidate id. that id is assigned to the candidate for a particular office sought. if a candidate runs for the same office over time, that id stays the same. if the same person runs for multiple offices — for example, a house candidate runs for a senate office — that candidate will get a unique id for each office. the candidate endpoints primarily use data from fec registration [ form 1 ] ( http : / / www. fec. gov
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A unique identifier for tracking the client request.
The parameter describes the scope where the policy assignment is applied, which can be a management group or a subscription.
The unique identifier for the customer to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the billing account associated with the department.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter 'onenotepage' is a string that represents the unique identifier for a specific page within a site, used to retrieve the corresponding page data.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested objects.
The name of the resource group containing the hybrid machines.
Search criteria for filtering active auction cars, including geographic location (latitude, longitude, and radius), year, make, model, or any combination of these parameters.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the report.
Specifies whether the security entry should be applied to child entries within the table category.
The user principal name of the user for whom related application states are being retrieved.
Retrieves a paginated list of all provisioned enterprise members, including pending invitations.
Name of the virtual network gateway connection to start packet capture on.
Name of the function trigger.
The number of the latest thread of messages posted to a conversation.
Specifies the duration, in milliseconds, to wait for the operation to complete before timing out.
Number of reviewers to skip for pagination.
The name of the resource group that contains the property.
The unique identifier of the user.
A string representing the bounding box coordinates to filter photos.
The unique identifier for the service in Apideck.
The type of the extension versions summary information.
The unique identifier of the section.
The name of the database to retrieve advisors for.
The unique identifier of the note to be deleted.
The name of the resource for which management locks are being retrieved.
The name of the long-running operation.
Specifies the ETag condition to match for the deletion of navigation property operations for communications.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the timer to be updated.
Specifies the number of conversations to return per page.
Search query to filter multivalueextendedproperties from the user's data.
The version of the API being used.
The project identifier for the instance.
The name of the user.
Specifies the order in which the advertisers are sorted.
gets the questions on which the users in { ids } have active bounties. { ids } can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for user _ id on user or shallow _ user objects. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the question object : - activity - last _ activity _ date - creation - creation _ date - votes - score activity is the default sort. it is possible to create
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The navigation property representing the parent notebook for a user, identified by its unique ID.
The name of the resource group containing the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Specifies the name of the table containing the column for which sensitivity recommendations are to be enabled.
The name of the resource for which quota metrics are being retrieved.
Specifies the color of the border to be added around the preview image. The value should be a valid color code (e.g., hex, RGB).
The version of the API being used.
The name of the device on which the share is to be deleted.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with the specified entity.
The navigation property font in workbooks is updated.
Number of entries to skip before starting to return results
The name of the server for which eligible SKUs are being listed.
The name of the resource group where the container registry is located.
The unique identifier of the site for which the navigation property to drives is being created.
The name of the profile associated with the endpoint.
The name of the network watcher resource.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The employee ID used to retrieve the associated media content for the picture navigation property in financial records.
The unique identifier for the API being monitored.
The status of the artist.
Specifies the number of images to return in a batch.
The name of the resource group that contains the storage classification.
Unique identifier for the risk factor.
The unique identifier for the comment to be edited.
The duration in seconds to wait before deleting the job collection.
The unique identifier for the user whose single value extended properties are being retrieved.
The timestamp indicating when the actions were last updated.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the document to be updated.
Creates a new navigation property to section groups for users.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
returns diseases associated with a phenotype
The API version for retrieving all deployment operations.
The unique identifier for the API.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the network watcher resource.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the users collection.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The login credential used to authenticate the user.
The number of results to return per page.
The page number of the results to return.
The name of the stack for which the update is to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property sections are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the task to be updated.
Returns a list of backups available for every partition in this Service Fabric service. The server enumerates all the backups available in the backup store configured in the backup policy. It also allows filtering of the result based on start and end datetime or just fetching the latest available backup.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
lists the people who
Indicates whether to perform a dry run (validation only) without making actual changes.
List of destination statuses for the merchant center account.
Retrieves the columns from a specified workbook table using its unique identifier.
The ID associated with the note.
API key for authentication to access the greenpowerindex service.
Specifies the end date and time to filter backups, allowing retrieval of backups created up to this point.
The language code used for the user's photos.
The page number of the results to return (1-indexed).
A cursor used for pagination, specifying the starting point for the list of denied workspace invite requests.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT hub.
The project to be updated.
The project ID for which the network endpoint group is being created.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresourcescopes in identity governance.
The unique identifier for the user initiating the reboot action.
The `ref` parameter can be a SHA, a branch name, or a tag name. It specifies the reference in the repository for which commit statuses are requested.
Counts the number of outcomes from education.
The unique identifier for the job schedule to be checked.
Aborts a multipart upload, freeing storage consumed by previously uploaded parts. Once aborted, no further parts can be uploaded with the same upload ID. Note that in-progress part uploads may or may not succeed, potentially requiring additional cleanup.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum depth to search for projects in the repository branch.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property securescorecontrolprofiles related to security.
An array containing the user ID and model information for retrieving basic timesheet statistics.
The row parameter specifies the integer value representing the row index in the cell function invocation.
The unique identifier for the parent section group.
The project identifier where the address resource will be created.
The unique identifier for the planner task.
The client information for the platform, specified as a string.
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for expanded details of related resources.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The unique identifier for the approval request related to a feature flag configuration.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
number of entries to skip before starting to return results
The unique identifier for the application whose services information is to be retrieved.
The starting index for the attributes list.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
page number of the results to return (1-indexed)
The name of the metadata entity.
the parameter that determines the action to take on currently running tasks when a job is being disabled
Start date for the search session statistics in YYYYMMDD format.
The name of the app.
The unique identifier for the education submission to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the purchase invoice.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the drive.
The name of the public IP prefix to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The duration of the time period for which connectivity data is aggregated, specified as a number.
The number of seconds to wait for each individual call to the server.
The singleValueLegacyExtendedProperty ID used to retrieve the single value extended property from the group.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
The API version being used for the request.
Maximum number of records to return.
list issues across owned and member repositories assigned to the authenticated user
The unique identifier of the governance resource to be deleted.
The $expand query parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
list of watched items under the active profile
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the results by, supporting ascending or descending order.
name of the public IP prefix
The label name used to filter or match specific values.
The page number of the results to return.
The unique identifier for the payor.
The navigation property 'sections' associated with the OneNote page identified by the specified ID will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the site.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the app.
The name of the resource group where the share subscription is located.
A filter expression that enables you to restrict the results returned by the API.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the exception occurrences.
The version of the API being used.
The calendar ID of the user.
The starting index for the pagination of the net pay report results.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving pages from groups
The name of the automation account.
A string representing the public water system criteria for filtering results.
The name of the app or deployment slot for which quota usage information is retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
number of records to skip for pagination
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the Client VPN endpoint to be modified.
The unique identifier for the merchant whose inventory is being submitted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The project identifier for the router resource.
The unique identifier for the bill stage.
The API version used to retrieve associated load balancer network interfaces.
payment_dispute_id: the identifier of the payment dispute. the identifier of each payment dispute is returned in the getpaymentdispute API response.
Builds a new container image from a Dockerfile on the local machine and pushes it to the private Bluemix Registry. A namespace must be set for the organization to push the image.
Retrieve tasks assigned to users, returning them as an array.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The region associated with the bunq account, which determines the geographical location and regulatory framework for the monetary account.
name for a specific vod source in a source location
The unique identifier of the user for whom the navigation property to section groups is being created.
The version of the API.
Name of the web site or deployment slot.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be patched.
The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property fields for drives.
Ordering criteria for the history items.
The version of the API being used, typically indicating the specific release or iteration of the service fabric platform's interface.
API key for authentication
The latitude, longitude, and radius parameters may be used to apply location-based filtering when listing or searching posts from a single user.
An array of access package resource roles retrieved from the identity governance system.
The API version used to retrieve a session for a node.
list issues across owned and member repositories assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull
Retrieves all comments on the site. Use the sort parameter with appropriate min and max values to filter for interesting comments based on criteria like score or creation date. For querying conversations between users, use the /users/{ids}/mentioned and /users/{ids}/comments/{toid} endpoints instead. The sort options available operate on the following fields of the comment object: creation, creation_date, votes, and score.
An array containing mobile app configurations retrieved from the device app management system.
The parameter 'id' is of type string and represents the unique identifier for the drive item to be acted upon.
The version of the API being used.
aggregated latency info for this network, grouped by node
The unique identifier of the section group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be patched.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
token used to retrieve the next page of results
The name of the virtual network to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the list item.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of APIs to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the client application.
Specifies the order in which the troubleshooting events should be returned.
Creates an authorization sub-resource and initiates the authorization process. The message may include additional authentication and authorization-related data. This method is executed multiple times for multi-stage authorization in a corporate environment, with each invocation creating a dedicated authorization sub-endpoint.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter description is: The version of the API to be backed up.
The unique identifier for the connector group associated with the on-premises publishing profile.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the function to be executed.
The API version used to retrieve the associated load balancer network interfaces.
The name of the resource group where the batch account is located.
The name of the peering associated with the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the subscription under which the peer ASN is to be deleted.
Scope of the policy assignment, which determines the level at which the policy is applied. Use '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/' for subscriptions, '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourcegroups/{resource-group-name}' for resource groups, and '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourcegroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/{resource-provider}' for specific resources.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving recent plans from users
Size of the file to be uploaded, in bytes.
The unique identifier used to match and delete a specific entity from the chat.
longitude coordinate value
The API version used to retrieve Intune manageable apps.
Retrieve the deboarding settings from the device management system.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the action plan operation.
The name of the network watcher resource.
Specifies the ETag (entity tag) of the site to ensure that the operation is performed only if the current state of the resource matches the specified ETag.
The number of versions to retrieve from the drives.
The unique identifier for the pool.
Indicates whether the values of the properties should be included in the response.
Name of the service type.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
power on a scale unit node
The username parameter is used to identify the account level variables.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the version of the API, allowing it to be called through PowerShell and ARM templates.
Specifies whether to export the event.
The version of the API being used.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The maximum number of deal item variations to return.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account.
The unique identifier for the instrument used in the audio regions.
API key for authentication to create an export job for a user.
The name of the resource group that contains the CDN profile.
Search term for retrieving comments from workbooks
Retrieve an array of sections associated with users.
The number of records to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The type of configuration used for scheduling contacts.
Specifies caching behavior for the request, controlling whether and how the response can be cached.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account to be taken offline.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API used to generate the upgraded workflow definition.
The parameter 'if-match' is used to ensure the request is only processed if the current state of the resource matches the ETag provided. This helps prevent conflicts when multiple users or processes attempt to modify the same resource simultaneously.
The unique identifier for the merchant account.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The name of the census tract to search for.
The name of the web site, deployment slot, or scaled-out instance.
The parameter description is: identifies the virtual chassis as a single managed entity using the MAC address from FPC0, ensuring stable identification and automatic population of all members without manual configuration.
list all existing alerts with optional filters for time range and sorting by specific fields
A string indicating the starting point for the next set of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
Number of resources to skip for pagination.
The language code used for filtering or searching the fact-checked claims.
The version of the API being used.
search for entries of type boulder campaign contributions
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the on-premises connection in the device management system.
Retrieve the deployment summary from the device app management system.
The name of the site for which network packet capturing should be stopped.
Returns the assigned task board format for the current user as an array.
instancegroupmanager parameter specifies the name of the instance group manager for which a new resize request is being created.
Specifies the field to sort the contact folders by.
The week number corresponding to the player's stats.
The date or timestamp from which the brands were last modified.
state filtering now applies to elections, reports and other events in the calendar export.
The unique identifier for the online meeting to be updated in the users' navigation property.
The unique identifier for the subtitle playlist in HLS format.
The version of the API to use for the failover operation.
The date when the entry was created, represented as a string.
The unique identifier of the event to delete the calendar view navigation property for.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The update operation allows modification of the SKU, encryption, access tier, or tags for a storage account. It also supports mapping the account to a custom domain. Only one custom domain is permitted per storage account, and replacing an existing custom domain is not supported—first, the current domain must be cleared before setting a new one.
Filters the collection of health events, nodes, and applications based on their aggregated health state.
The page number for the API specification metadata.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the owned objects for the specified service principal, using the provided ID.
An array of strings specifying the fields to expand in the response.
The parameter describes the content type ID associated with the source column in shares.
Creates a new Amazon Neptune DB cluster. You can use the `ReplicationSourceIdentifier` parameter to create the DB cluster as a read replica of another DB cluster or Amazon Neptune DB instance. Note that when you create a new cluster using `CreateDBCluster` directly, deletion protection is disabled by default (when you create a new production cluster in the console, deletion protection is enabled by default). You can only delete a DB cluster if its deletion protection is disabled.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be updated.
The unique identifier of the workbook's drive item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The navigation property minorgridlines in workbooks
Specifies whether the modification is applied immediately or during the next maintenance window.
The name of the secret to update.
The list of reactions to a team discussion.
The unique identifier for the notebook whose parent notebook is to be retrieved.
The Amazon QuickSight namespace that contains the group.
The network associated with the peering connection.
The unique identifier for the scheduled SMS message to be canceled.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group from which events are to be retrieved.
The number of items to return per page.
The unique identifier for the script project.
The version of the API being used.
A string representing a list of games from Metacritic.
The identifier for the on-premises agent group associated with the publishing profile.
The name of the server to create or update the active directory administrator for.
The number of items to skip before returning results.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
The unique identifier of the job to be canceled.
list of remarketing list IDs to filter the ads
The language used by the bunq client.
The account name associated with the share invitations.
Indicates whether request access is enabled for the project.
returns the information about the application types that are provisioned or in the process of being provisioned in the service fabric cluster. each version of an application type is returned as one application type. the response includes the name, version, status and other details about the application type.
The version of the API being used.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
The navigation property 'parentSectionGroup' for the specified 'onenotesection' with the given ID will be removed.
The hostname of the device to be wiped.
The date when the event was last changed.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Returns the count of calendar permissions for the authenticated user.
Retrieve an array of names from the workbooks.
Name of the service topology to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter specifies the counter-key configured in the policy on the service instance for which the quota counter periods are being retrieved.
Returns a multi-dimensional array structured by year and month, listing the days with available tour grades or traveler mixes for the product.
The name of the node in the cluster for which the list of deployed applications is retrieved.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
Lists all shared line groups available in the account.
name: attrname   type: string   description: Specifies the type of attribute to filter the results by. Only returns xrefs and associated attributes that match the given attribute type.
The maximum number of results to return in a single call.
the parameter determines the action to take on currently running tasks when a job is being disabled.
The maximum number of collections to return.
The parameter describes the number of agents, indicating a change in the agent value space.
Time zone for the dataset export.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Filters the groups based on specified criteria.
The API version to use for the request.
The format of the play-by-play delta data.
The unique identifier for the section group whose parent section group is to be retrieved.
A string used to filter the list of sites based on search criteria.
The parameter 'name' is a string that represents the new name for the feature being renamed.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the group.
notifies Service Fabric that the persisted state on a node has been permanently removed or lost, indicating that recovery is not possible. This typically occurs when a hard disk is wiped or crashes. The node must be down for this operation to succeed. It informs Service Fabric that replicas on the node no longer exist, so it should cease waiting for them to return. Do not execute this cmdlet if the node's state is still intact.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether to return only results where the sort field is null.
The number of results to return per page.
A string representing a tag associated with a video stream.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The name of the geofence collection to retrieve details from.
Expands the specified field or fields in the response, allowing for nested data retrieval.
The unique identifier for the user whose section groups are being retrieved.
The name of the website for which the recommendation object details are being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the group from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The server identifier used to retrieve associated triggers.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the document to be exported.
The unique identifier for the subset of datapoints.
retrieves objects from Amazon S3; requires read access to the object. If read access is granted to anonymous users, the object can be returned without an authorization header. Amazon S3 buckets do not have a traditional directory hierarchy, but a logical hierarchy can be created using object key names that suggest a folder structure (e.g., "folder/subfolder/object").
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property pages for groups.
The employment ID to retrieve the list of costs per hour.
The maximum number of table types to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the bank transfer from which the attachment is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query string to filter access package resource scopes.
The format of the contributions to be listed.
The maximum number of results to return.
returns questions which have received no answers. compare with /questions/unanswered which merely returns questions that the sites consider insufficiently well answered. this method corresponds roughly with the "this site" tab. to constrain questions returned to those with a set of tags, use the tagged parameter with a semi-colon delimited list of tags. this is an and constraint, passing tagged=c;java will return only those questions with both tags. as such, passing more than 5 tags will always return zero results. the sorts
The unique identifier for the malware state associated with a Windows device in the device management context.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group for which the report is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the on-premises connection to be updated in the device management context.
The URL patterns used for the search.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The parameter $top specifies the number of allowed users to retrieve.
Retrieve a single value extended property from users, specified by the provided selector.
Specifies the last modified timestamp to compare against, used to determine if the resource has been updated since a certain time.
API key for authentication.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
An array containing data labels extracted from workbooks.
The name of the virtual WAN VPN gateway.
The grain specifies the time granularity for the reservation summaries, either daily or monthly.
The name of the resource group.
List of resources to include in the response, specified as a comma-separated list of resource types.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving mentions from me
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
The unique identifier for the application.
The name of the resource group associated with the connection.
search for entries related to boulder rental housing
The ID of the workbook chart from which to retrieve the font.
The unique identifier for the environment.
The name of the owner who encountered the latest error.
The unique identifier of the site.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the organization associated with the distribution group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the on-premises agent group associated with the publishing profile.
The search term for the image on Docker Hub.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the group policy definition file to be deleted.
The project identifier where the route resource will be created.
The name of the website for which recommendations are to be retrieved.
The maximum number of stages to return.
The delay in milliseconds between flashes during screenshot capture.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the drive item containing the workbook.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the tag to be deleted.
The API version of the service for the specified partition.
The unique identifier for the company.
The unique identifier for the named item in the workbook.
finds available schedules that meet the specified criteria. you can search for an available schedule no more than 3 months in advance. you must meet the minimum required duration of 1,200 hours per year. for example, the minimum daily schedule is 4 hours, the minimum weekly schedule is 24 hours, and the minimum monthly schedule is 100 hours. after you find a schedule that
Height of the image in pixels.
Specifies whether unknown devices are allowed in the device tier configuration.
The number of targets to list.
The unique identifier of the access package resource role to be deleted.
Unassigns a specific phone number from a shared line group.
description for updating the push settings associated with a web app
The reference to the commit, branch, or tag for the repository.
The name of the notification hub to create or update.
An array containing mobile app troubleshooting events retrieved from users.
Specifies the current day for which conversion statistics are being retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Lists each database instance associated with the specified parent project. The list items are returned in no particular order, but will provide a consistent view when additional requests are made with a `pageToken`. The resulting list includes instances in any state and may be stale by a few seconds.
The name of the immutability policy to create or update.
The maximum number of results to return.
The API version to use for the request.
format of player details for free agents
The expand parameter specifies the detailed information to include in the response, such as associated resources or tags.
The parameter 'clearblade - devtoken' is a string used to update the information and data within the code service.
aggregated connectivity info for this network, grouped by node
The version of the API being used.
The name of the express route circuit.
The version of the API to use for installing the site extension.
The maximum number of items to return.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Gets the face detection results for a Amazon Rekognition video analysis started by StartFaceDetection. Face detection with Amazon Rekognition video is an asynchronous operation. You start face detection by calling StartFaceDetection, which returns a job identifier (JobId). When the face detection operation finishes, Amazon Rekognition video publishes a completion status to the Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) topic registered in the initial call to StartFaceDetection. To get the results of the face detection operation, first check that the status value published to the SNS topic indicates completion. Then, use the JobId to retrieve the results by calling GetFaceDetection.
The field to sort the results by, such as mutation frequency or significance score.
An array of strings specifying the fields to expand in the response.
The unique identifier for the entry whose comments are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name parameter specifies the name of the hosting environment (App Service Environment).
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property to extensions is being created.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the calendar navigation property in users.
The name of the schema for which table partitions are to be retrieved.
Retrieve a list of access package resource scopes from the identity governance system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier (OID) of the branch to retrieve.
The path to the device used for the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the employment record.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property line associated with workbooks.
Specifies whether to include the count of agent groups in the response.
Indicates whether compact associations are used, typically to simplify or summarize relationships between substances and processes, such as metabolite, synthesis, modification, response, or transport.
Token used for pagination to skip to the next set of results.
The unique identifier of the audit task to be canceled.
the maximum number of results to return
The region for which the managed instance group is defined.
The navigation property pages in users that is associated with the onenotesection identified by the specified ID.
The region where the instant snapshot is located.
API key for authenticating the request to retrieve game endpoints.
The unique identifier for the report request.
The name of the worker pool for which metrics are being retrieved.
The name of the peering configuration for the express route circuit.
Indicates whether to disable the report cache when retrieving child items for a specific product.
The unique identifier of the event to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the server whose certificate needs to be rolled over.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The start time of the stage execution.
Retrieve user attribute assignments from the identity system.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter 'district' refers to the specific ward or administrative division for which the streets are being retrieved. It is provided as a string value representing the name or identifier of the ward.
The unique identifier for the service associated with the asset version.
Indicates whether the returned videos should be playable.
The project identifier for which the aggregated list of reservations is retrieved.
The user parameter specifies the user for whom calendar sharing roles are being invoked.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The API version for the iOS policy group deletion endpoint.
The name of the container registry to be updated.
The navigation property 'localizations' in the 'organizationalBranding' entity that is identified by the specified ID.
Number of records to skip for the pagination.
A search query to filter projects by name or other relevant fields.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of globally unique size identifiers, which may include sizes not currently in use by your account.
The maximum number of remediations to return.
Number of top products to retrieve.
The contact folder ID to be deleted.
Sets the agent number for telnet traffic tracing.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes a string value used to specify the modification of an underscore in a data field, likely for formatting or parsing purposes.
The navigation property hostedcontents in chats is updated with the specified chatmessage ID.
Authorization token for accessing the API.
The name of the resource, such as an IoT hub, to retrieve the list of consumer groups for the event hub-compatible device-to-cloud endpoint.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'pages' is to be updated.
Retrieve an array of pages associated with users.
The name of the event hub connection to be updated.
The parameter description is: The geographic coordinates in the format `latitude,longitude` to calculate the isochrone around.
The unique identifier of the list within the site.
The slot identifier used to fetch a short-lived token that can be exchanged for a master key.
The unique identifier for the replica deployed on a Service Fabric node.
The name of the entity to be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the datapoint within the group.
The name of the resource group for which to retrieve the list of provisioning services.
Filter to apply when retrieving attachments from the current user.
The language of the given number
The name of the project for which assessments are to be retrieved.
Specifies the type of market statistics to retrieve, where no match is found for the given criteria.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name of the deployment for which the template will be exported.
Specifies the maximum number of items to return in the response.
filter parameter to specify criteria for listing transfer jobs
The blur level for the item's image.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the billing account associated with the invoice section being created.
creates a new connectivity test. after you create a test, the reachability analysis is performed as part of the long running operation, which completes when the analysis completes. if the endpoint specifications in `connectivitytest` are invalid (for example, containing non-existent resources in the network, or you don't have read permissions to the network configurations of listed projects), then the reachability result returns a value of `unknown`.
The username of the user whose shopping list is being retrieved.
The version of the product's entity state, represented as an ETag.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The parameter 'accept' is of type string and specifies the format of the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the bucket for which the IAM policy is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the call.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property to calendars is being created.
The maximum number of regions allowed for the market.
The name of the server hosting the database for which sensitivity labels are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the routeresponse.
The name of the server to which the firewall rule is applied.
The name of the storage sync service.
The query string used to search for genes associated with a specific publication.
Specifies the maximum number of global addresses to return in the response.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to specify which page's media content should be updated within the navigation property of the user's (me) context.
A unique identifier for the bucket in which the message will be stored.
invokes a lambda function. you can invoke a function synchronously (and wait for the response), or asynchronously. to invoke a function asynchronously, set invocationtype to event. for synchronous invocation, the request waits for the function to return a response before continuing.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
offset: specifies the starting point for retrieving search results, used to paginate through large result sets.
The name of the resource group.
Authorization token for authenticating the request.
Indicates acceptance of the subscription for best price O&D, enabling regular updates on the lowest fares.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of sections to retrieve from the sites.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
Number of records to skip for pagination purposes.
Stops any further changes to the pool, maintaining its current state at the time of the stop operation.
The name of the container group to update.
The status of the user.
Returns all workflows in Jira or a specific workflow if the `workflowname` parameter is provided. If `workflowname` is specified, the response is a single workflow object; otherwise, it returns an array of workflow objects. Note: This API is deprecated. Use the [get workflows paginated](#api-rest-api-3-workflow-search-get) endpoint instead. Requires the *Administer Jira* permission.
The name of the key in the key vault.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the Amazon Redshift cluster.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
Number of entries to skip for pagination purposes.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the local network gateway to update.
Specifies the version of the message template to be activated.
The navigation property users in education that is being updated, identified by the educationuser-id.
search for a user by username. if you provide the `username` parameter in your call, then only the user who exactly matches that username will be in the list of matches. any other parameters are ignored.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the notification settings.
The range of the file contents to be returned in binary format.
Specifies the time period for which conversion statistics are to be retrieved.
The name of the receipt rule set that contains the rule.
The name of the resource to check for existence.
The unique identifier of the drive item to update.
The name of the device to retrieve the role for.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
page number for pagination
Returns the description of a specific Amazon EFS access point if the access point ID is provided. If you provide an EFS file system ID, it returns descriptions of all access points for that file system. You can provide either an access point ID or a file system ID in the request, but not both. This operation requires permissions for the `elasticfilesystem:DescribeAccessPoints` action.
The number of records to return per page.
Indicates whether the request should be dry-run. If set to true, no actual deletion will occur, and the server will return a preview of the result.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The language code for the localized store listing to be deleted.
The value of the coupon condition.
The version of the API being used for refreshing the hub database schema.
The name of the resource group.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the model to list tags for.
The name of the resource group to be updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the notebook from which pages are to be retrieved.
Specifies the expand expression to include related resources in the response.
The unique identifier for the in-app product.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The IP address and port of all compute nodes in the cluster.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The region for which the access control policy is retrieved.
The name of the workspace as a string.
Indicates whether to hide null values when sorting.
The number of client users to return per page.
The group to which the wiki page entries belong.
The identifier used to match and delete the navigation property calendar for users.
The unique identifier for the partner.
returns phenotypes associated with a gene
Specifies whether to include the count of sets in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Registers the specified targets with the specified target group. If the target is an EC2 instance, it must be in the running state when you register it. By default, the load balancer routes requests to registered targets using the protocol and port for the target group. Alternatively, you can override the port for a target when you register it. You can register each EC2 instance or IP address with the same target group multiple times using different ports. With a Network Load Balancer, you cannot register instances by instance ID if they have the following instance types: c1, cc1, cc2.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The region for the bunq API integration.
The API version of the user groups listing endpoint.
Specifies the page size for the response set in the query.
Specifies the sorting order for the retrieved groups, such as ascending or descending.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
Filters the multivalue extended properties based on specified criteria.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the virtual machine is located.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The maximum number of results to return.
The name of the server to retrieve.
number of calendar permissions to retrieve
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the resource group.
The season for which the player's red zone stats inside ten are recorded.
search criteria for motorcycles, including geographic location and radius, to retrieve active inventory listings.
Ordering parameter for sorting the assignments retrieved from privileged roles.
The name of the media file to be downloaded.
The duration or period over which the connectivity information is aggregated, typically measured in seconds.
The unique identifier for the project containing the history.
Array of candidate IDs to filter contribution receipts by size.
The unique identifier for the user whose parent section navigation property is to be deleted.
token used for pagination, specifying the starting point for the next page of results
The name of the resource group associated with the product-level policy configuration.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the attachment to be retrieved.
An array containing the expanded fill data from workbooks.
name: the name of the basket
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The navigation property 'line' in workbooks that is being updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the employer whose reporting instruction is being retrieved.
The ID of the section group to copy to the notebook.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group.
Filter criteria for the status of orders.
list of voices available for speech synthesis, each with a specified language, gender, and unique ASCII voice ID
The name of the resource group containing the CDN profiles.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used to delete the file server.
The parameter 'group' is a string type used to filter or specify the group of sample entries to search for.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
index of the audio stream to retrieve
The name of the resource group to be cleaned up in the migrate project.
Retrieve the minor gridlines settings from the specified workbook worksheet identified by the given ID.
Retrieve a list of versions available from the specified sites.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The slot parameter represents the specific site detector response identifier.
Returns a list of current members of the commons or lords who were a member on or before the specified date.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group to refresh the container metadata for.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
parameter description: The backup file containing the MySQL database data that is stored in Amazon S3 and used for importing into Amazon RDS.
The source volume to be moved within the bookshelf.
The content or text of the note to be updated.
The content of the specified task file.
The 'itemactivityold' parameter is a string that represents the ID of the item activity to be retrieved from drives.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group.
The parameter describes the specific revision number for which the pay code revision is to be retrieved.
The name of the express route circuit to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification, used to ensure the task has not been modified since a certain point in time.
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
Events related to merge requests in the project
The version of the API being used.
search query for retrieving recent plans
The number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the account whose subscriptions are to be retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the workbook.
Indicates whether to monitor or track changes in the collection of nodes.
The specific tag to be deleted from the API management service instance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the device for which the alert settings are being created or updated.
The unique identifier for the poll to be updated.
The relationship or association between a genotype and its corresponding publications.
filter parameter to search for any detail record across the telnyx platform
A string parameter representing another range for intersection calculation.
filter parameter to specify criteria for retrieving call records from communications
A search query string used to filter access package resource roles based on specified criteria.
creating a post and associating it with a publication on medium. the request also shows this association, considering posts a collection of resources under a publication there are additional rules around publishing that each request to this api must respect : - if the authenticated user is an'editor'for the publication, they can create posts with any publish status. posts published as'public'or'unlisted'will appear in collection immediately, while posts
The API version to use for the request.
The maximum number of buckets to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the site extension to be removed.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
The unique identifier for the merchant.
The name of the resource group containing the lab.
Lists finalized deals for the current buyer and its clients when using the URL path "/v1/buyers/{accountid}/finalizeddeals". Bidders can use the URL path "/v1/bidders/{accountid}/finalizeddeals" to list finalized deals for the specified bidder.
The name of the resource group where the vCenter server is registered.
The name of the billing period used to calculate the aggregate cost.
Specifies the field by which to sort the list of autoscalers.
The number of role assignments to return.
The name of the management group for which policy events are being queried.
The token used for authentication to retrieve the action card by its ID and field.
creates a new build based on the specified build. this method creates a new build using the original build request, which may or may not result in an identical build. for triggered builds: * triggered builds resolve to a precise revision; therefore, a retry of a triggered build will result in a build that uses the same revision. for non-triggered builds that specify `repo_source`: * if the original build built from the tip of a branch, the retried build will build from the tip of that branch, which may not be the same revision as the original build.
number of repositories to return per page
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property extensions for users.
The unique identifier of the thread to mute.
The name of the deployment to retrieve.
The project identifier for which the access control policy is being set.
The general availability (GA) version of the Taxonomy API has been released. Developers currently using the beta version should plan to migrate to the new GA version, as the beta version will be decommissioned on March 31, 2021. Until that date, the beta version documentation set remains available.
The token used for authentication to delete a checklist by ID from a card.
Retrieve a list of a corporation's kills and losses from the past 90 days.
The name of the authorization rule to be deleted.
The Google Cloud project ID that contains the instance.
The unique identifier for the block, representing the code assigned to a specific block reservation.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The name of the resource group.
A string parameter used to filter the collection of users flagged by Intune.
The name of the topic type for which global event subscriptions are being listed.
The short letter sample type code derived from the TCGA barcode.
enables debugging on a vm instance, allowing ssh access to the virtual machine while it continues to serve live traffic.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
Filter criteria for recommendations related to purchasing reserved instances.
The parameter 'p_cs' is of type number and is used to specify a search criterion for filtering facilities or clusters.
The navigation property representing the parent notebook in groups.
The authorization parameter is used to authenticate the request and ensure access to the pay schedule tags.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
The unique identifier of the stream target to be removed.
Specifies the format of the output, such as JSON or XML, for the route details including directions, geometry, distance, and time.
Specifies the condition under which the job should be enabled. If set to true, the job will be enabled only if all its tasks are in a non-active state.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The duration in seconds after which the backup operation times out if not completed.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the uploaded data to be deleted.
The year for which the employee pay statement summary data is requested.
The name of the resource group where the namespace is located.
The unique identifier for the diagnostic configuration to be deleted.
The relative path within the image store whose content needs to be deleted.
Filters the access package resource scopes based on specified criteria.
The name of the application for which the bug tracker settings are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the private link services.
The name of the linked server for the Redis cache.
The resource group name for the integration service environment.
The unique identifier of the drive item activity.
The unique identifier for the device management script user state.
The unique identifier assigned by the merchant for the order.
The name of the resource group.
The list of related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the group to be deleted.
The version of the API to be used for executing the analysis.
returns an object for each team the caller is a member of, and their effective role — the highest level of privilege the caller has. if a user is a member of multiple groups with distinct roles, only the highest level is returned.
Specifies the dataset to be exported in Esri Shapefile (SHP) format.
Filters the usage detail records based on specified criteria for the current billing period.
An array containing access package resource roles from the identity governance system.
Specifies the list of resources to include in the response.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the network security group to retrieve information about.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies caching behavior for managing user notes.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the job.
The name of the share subscription.
Maximum number of entries to return in the search result.
The API version used for the operation.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the session.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be updated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The project identifier for the network firewall policy.
The unique identifier for the group.
The expected owner of the bucket. This header is no longer used; refer to getbucketnotificationconfiguration instead.
The name of the resource group that contains the event hub.
name: labname type: string description: The name of the lab containing the virtual machine to be deleted.
The name of the workspace where the datastore will be created or updated.
Specifies caching behavior for attachment notes.
returns a list of course work that the requester is permitted to view. Course students may only view `published` course work. Course teachers and domain administrators may view all course work.
The version of the API used to interact with the Azure Cosmos DB service.
Specifies whether to include all descendant markets in the response.
The SHA-1 fingerprint of the certificate.
The unique identifier used to retrieve the snapshot linked to a specific event.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieved from users.
Specifies whether deinterlacing should be applied to the video stream.
Number of results per page (max 100)
The name of the resource group containing the app service environment.
The unique identifier for the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The parameter describes the client's network traffic data over time, with usage measured in kilobytes. It requires detailed traffic analysis to be enabled on the network-wide > general page. Clients can be identified using a client key, MAC address, or IP address, depending on the network configuration.
The parameter 'login' is of type string and is used to count all fulfillments.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The maximum number of resources to return.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The navigation property title in workbooks
The region for which the list of regional network endpoint groups is being retrieved.
Number of tasks to skip for pagination.
The name of the account associated with the share subscription.
The navigation property attachments for the calendar with the specified ID.
The unique identifier for the targeted managed app configuration.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
backtracks a DB cluster to a specific time, without creating a new DB cluster.
A string parameter used to specify document types in the query.
used to manage text notes
The name of the virtual machine extension to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property role assignments related to device management.
Number of tags to skip for pagination purposes.
The 'versioncontroloption' parameter specifies the version control system to be used for the project. Valid values are 'git' and 'tfvc'. The 'processtemplateid' parameter defines the process template to be applied to the project. Valid values include '6b724908-ef14-45cf-84f8-768b5384da45', 'adcc42ab-9882-485e-a3ed-7678f01f66bc', and '274'.
Retrieve a list of employees associated with financial records.
The geographical location associated with the subscription, used to determine the region for proactive security recommendations.
The unique identifier for the group from which the entity is to be retrieved.
The region associated with the bunq service, typically indicating the geographical location or data center.
The name of the billing profile.
The unique identifier for the reservation order.
The parameter `entityid` is a string that represents the unique identifier of an entity within a specific version of the application. It is used to retrieve the explicit (exception) list associated with the pattern for that entity.
The calendar ID to be deleted as a navigation property.
Creates a new navigation property to pages for groups.
Creates or renames a file or directory. By default, the destination is overwritten if it already exists. If the destination has an active lease, the lease is broken during the operation. This action supports conditional HTTP requests for better control over when the operation should proceed based on specific conditions. For details on using conditional headers, refer to the documentation on [specifying conditional headers for blob service operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for-blob).
Specifies the date and time after which the file was last modified, used to determine if the file has been updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the number of groups to skip before starting to return results.
The access key used to authenticate and authorize the deletion of an existing classifier.
Filter directory scopes based on specified criteria.
Authentication token used to authorize the request.
Specifies the earliest date and time for which modified team data should be returned, in ISO 8601 format.
The number of records to skip for the current result set.
The unique identifier for the message to be updated.
The unique identifier for the deployment.
The name of the profile to be updated within the endpoint.
The name of the attachment to be verified.
search term for retrieving messages from chats
The unique identifier for the request.
creates a spot fleet request with specified total and on-demand target capacities, automatically calculating and launching the required spot capacity based on the difference. supports multiple launch specifications with variations in instance type, AMI, availability zone, or subnet.
Array of expand parameters to include additional details in the response.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property sectionGroups is to be deleted.
auto-complete the inputs of your end users based on taxonomy (decoder database), not from active set
search query to filter policies in the trustframework
The version name of the application package.
The name of the workspace for which the private endpoint connection is being retrieved.
search query string for filtering results
The name of the Auto Scaling group to which the policy is applied.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
Indicates whether deleted tasks should be included in the results.
The API version used to retrieve the workflow run repetition request history.
The name of the resource group for which cluster information is being retrieved.
Applies a policy to the resources under the management group.
The unique identifier for the issue to which labels will be added.
The navigation property sections in users that is being updated, identified by the specified section ID.
The unique identifier for the vehicle.
The number of top activities to retrieve from shares.
Specifies the field or fields by which to sort the retrieved statistics list.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
The maximum number of endpoint groups to return in the response.
The namespace of the provider that owns the topic.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The name of the architecture for which binaries and other files are generated.
The unique identifier for the restaurant or tenant.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the token for the next page of results.
The name of the character set for the new database instance.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Specifies the field to sort the images by and the sort order (ascending or descending).
Authorization token required to access the saved transform definitions.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the test from which the step will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the device management template to be deleted.
The name of the budget to retrieve for the resource group under the subscription.
list of events for the provided ids
The name of the backup vault from which the continuous backup recovery point will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the enrollment account used to filter usage details.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier of the subscription to be updated.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB MongoDB collection to create or update.
The name of the resource group.
Navigation property to access package resource scopes for identity governance.
The version of the API being used for the vault configuration.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
Specifies caching behavior for the request.
Specifies the related resources or details to include in the response, such as additional information about user credential usage.
filter parameter to narrow down the keysets retrieved from the trustframework
The start datetime for the interval to retrieve activities.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
The authentication provider used for the user's login.
The propagation policy for the deletion of the controller revision.
The name of the attachment.
lists available operations
search within a title   search across the entire recipe   limit results by course (appetizers, bread, breakfast, dessert, drinks, maindish, salad, sidedish, soup, marinades, other)   exclude specific ingredients or categories
Name of the resource.
The tag of the published release to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group from which the tag is to be detached.
Specifies whether uninitialized objects should be included in the list or watch results.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the maximum number of ads to return in a single response, supporting pagination.
The recurrence identity used to retrieve the corresponding recurrence information.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the system.
A token used to retrieve the next page of settlement reports if the result set exceeds the specified page size.
The maximum number of results to return.
The 'expand' parameter is used to specify related resources or properties to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval in a single request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the operation.
The number of schemas to return per page.
Deletes the remote issue link from the issue using the link's global ID. The global ID must be URL-encoded if it contains reserved characters.
The unique identifier for the user.
The name parameter is a string that specifies the name of the status board entry to search for.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the cluster configuration upgrade status.
name: skillsetname   type: string   description: The name of the skillset to create or update.
creates a new database instance from a database snapshot, restoring most of the source's original configuration such as default security group and DB parameter group. By default, the new instance is deployed in a single Availability Zone.
The number of token lifetime policies associated with the applications.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing you to retrieve additional data associated with the special from drive.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the owner of the device.
The instance template to use for creating new instances or recreating existing instances in the group. Existing instances are not modified.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the Windows update catalog item.
Filters the access package resource roles based on specified criteria.
The integer value representing the unit's dynamic parameter.
The version of the API being used.
The available values for the endpoint services location.
Specifies the details to include in the response for each instance, such as associated resources or metadata.
The shipping method used for the order.
The minimum height threshold for filtering items.
A selector to restrict the list of returned objects by their fields. Defaults to everything.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
The unique identifier for the service.
An array of note IDs to fetch specific note records.
The name of the service being retrieved.
The version of the Batch service API to use for this request.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the financial pictures by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token used to fetch the next page of repositories in a paginated response.
Enables the native API integration with CRM for the specified tag.
The name of the integration account for which the assembly is being retrieved.
Specifies the range of bytes to read from the file. Supports byte-range requests for efficient data retrieval.
The next token for pagination, used to retrieve the subsequent page of registration tokens.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
the unique identifier of the workflow scheme
The X-Amz-Chime-Bearer header must contain the AppInstanceUserArn of the user making the API call. This header is required for authentication and authorization.
The name of the resource group.
returns either an array of facilities or an array of clusters that meet the specified search criteria
Deletes a chunked upload that has been committed but not yet consumed. Cannot be used to delete chunked uploads that have been consumed or expired, as these are automatically deleted by the system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
sort parameter to specify the ordering of channels
Indicates whether to strip results from the response.
A URL that will be called when the access token is revoked.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The parameter describes a unique identifier for a multivalue legacy extended property, used to specify which navigation property to delete.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The unique identifier of the conversation thread to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the app role assignment.
Specifies the field by which to sort the list of operation resources.
The name of the resource group.
User ID to change the password for.
The name of the machine learning compute to be deleted.
The parameter 'expand' is an array that specifies the related entities or properties to include in the response.
The preferred maintenance window for the Amazon DocumentDB cluster, specified in HH:MM-HH:MM format (24-hour time).
The version of the API to use for this request.
The name of the resource group.
The path to the file that needs to be deleted from the compute node.
The IP address of the customer's device used for the request.
maximum number of results to return
The unique identifier for the calendar associated with the user.
PSU (Payment Service User) HTTP method used for the authentication process.
The unique identifier for the project associated with the prediction endpoint.
The source of the data for the character's titles.
The version of the API being used.
The API version for retrieving available SKUs for scaling a worker pool.
The name of the resource group.
The project ID for which the target TCP proxy resource is being created.
The unique identifier for the company associated with the financials.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The name of the storage account to be deleted.
The owner of the repository.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage to be copied.
The search query string used to find images. You can include multiple terms, and use the prefix "not" to exclude specific terms from the results.
The collection of apps to be expanded.
The unique identifier for the user installation state summary.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
number of sectiongroups to retrieve
The version of the API to use for the integration.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to retrieve pages from users
The version of the API being used.
The if-match header for conditional deletion of the navigation property plans.
Limits the number of features exported in the GeoJSON dataset.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of multivalue extended properties to retrieve.
Specifies the sorting order for the events list.
The unique identifier of the mail folder to be updated.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
Parameter description: Specifies the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
The API version for retrieving all remediations for the management group.
The unique identifier for the change to be retrieved.
Retrieve the terms and conditions associated with device management, returned as an array.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the user whose sections are being retrieved.
Retrieve a list of intents from the devicemanagement system.
The name of the resource group that contains the certificate.
Creates a new navigation property linking groups to pages, using the group ID as a string identifier.
The parameter represents a numeric value used to filter facilities or clusters based on bio-mgmt deficiencies.
The project identifier where the address resource will be created.
The unique identifier for the recommender model configuration in Amazon Pinpoint.
The name of the email template to be deleted.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned, based on the specified property.
The unique identifier (ID) of the application.
Specifies the maximum number of events to return in the response.
The version of the database engine for which orderable instance options are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group where the certificate and key vault secret will be created or updated.
Specifies the columns to return from the MAF. Using "all" returns every column; otherwise, a subset of commonly used columns is returned by default.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Filter criteria for retrieving management conditions from device management.
The tag ID used to filter albums.
The API version identifier, typically used to specify the version of the API being accessed.
The name of the resource group where the automation account will be created or updated.
The date associated with the specified pool.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
Indicates whether the notification is acknowledgeable.
Latitude coordinate.
The name of the resource group where the NAT gateway will be created or updated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Filters the collection of health events, nodes, and applications based on their aggregated health state.
Creates or renames a file or directory. By default, the destination is overwritten if it already exists, and any existing lease on the destination is broken. This operation supports conditional HTTP requests. For more information, see [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for).
List of available mobile app identifiers.
The name of the scaled-out instance.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Retrieve the parent entity associated with a compliance record, returning the result as an array.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier used to start the listing of checks, enabling pagination or resuming from a specific point in the results.
The parameter represents the unique identifier for an access package assignment resource role.
The parameter describes the top number of management condition statements to retrieve from the device management system.
Ordering criteria for the pages retrieved from users.
Ordering criteria for the plans retrieved from users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the release to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the named ports for the regional instance group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of entities to return.
Maximum number of connection logs to retrieve.
The name of the schema to create or update.
The unique identifier for the user whose calendar navigation property is being updated.
Authentication token used to authorize the request and access the user's accounts.
The identifier for the access package resource associated with the navigation property accessPackageResourceScopes in identity governance.
page number for pagination
The deployment slot name.
The name of the application to filter events by.
The parameter 'outlooktaskfolder - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for an Outlook task folder, used to retrieve extended properties associated with that specific folder.
The name of the app.
The date for the OCP operation, specified as a string.
The hostname to create or update the Android MAM policy for.
The version of the API being used.
The package name of the APK for which the expansion file configuration is to be fetched.
An array of tag keys to remove from the resource.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the site detector response.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the API management service to create or update.
The end time of the campaign, specified as a string in a standard date-time format.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property protection of workbooks.
The version of the resource being revised.
The maximum number of results to return per page. Default is 20.
The unique identifier of the thread to modify.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
Enables the integration of invoice items with CRM using native API.
The name of the VPN site link.
Filter criteria for retrieving calendar permissions from users.
The unique identifier for the message to be copied.
The managed zone to be updated.
The name of the local network gateway to be deleted.
Specifies whether to return publications associated with a gene.
number of disease entries linked to the publication
Filter to retrieve extensions from groups
The name of the connector to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the API version to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the pool.
Specifies the token for the next page of results.
Indicates whether the specified role has the given privilege on the resource. If both `permitted_roles` and `check` are provided, Conjur will respond to the `check` request only.
The API version to use for the request.
The navigation property installedapps in chats.
The date for the job schedule in the specified account.
Specifies the field or fields by which to sort the list of machine images.
The navigation property 'buckettaskboardformat' to be updated within the specified planner plan identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier of the management group.
Parameter description: A string representing the PID (Process ID) used to filter facilities or clusters based on the specified search criteria.
The URL to which Amazon SES will redirect email recipients who click the "not spam" link in a custom verification email.
Specifies the storage type for the DB instance. Valid values include standard (magnetic), gp2 (general purpose SSD), and io1 (provisioned IOPS SSD).
The name of the trigger to be deleted from the sharesubscription.
Retrieve a list of monitor instances associated with a specific resource.
Number of shares to skip
The user must have administrative privileges to use this parameter.
The unique identifier for the user whose messages are to be retrieved.
Specifies the fields to include in the response for each task.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter 'skus' refers to the specific virtual machine image SKU for which versions are being retrieved.
number of results to return per page
The datasource parameter specifies the source of the data to be retrieved.
The key parameter is a string used to identify the member whose colorblind preferences are being updated.
The unique identifier for the site where the navigation property sectiongroups is to be updated.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
A filter to apply when retrieving the list of databases.
The parameter describes an array output containing the response payload from executed commands.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the iteration to be updated.
The description for the specified namespace.
Retrieve a list of versions from the specified drives.
The parameter 'interconnect' is a string that represents the identifier or name of the interconnect to be updated.
The name of the resource group containing the app or deployment slot.
The unique identifier for the run to which the metric will be posted.
The report must contain the information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a list of extensions associated with users.
adds an object to a bucket. you must have write permissions on a bucket to add an object to it. amazon s3 never adds partial objects; if you receive a success response, amazon s3 added the entire object to the bucket. amazon s3 is a distributed system. if it receives multiple write requests for the same object simultaneously, it overwrites all but the last object written. amazon s3 does not provide object locking.
API key for the x-api2crm application used to authenticate and authorize access to the contacts aggregate data.
The API version for retrieving all Redis caches in the specified subscription.
The version of the API for which the OpenAPI definition is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task group.
The navigation property inreplyto in groups
The unique identifier of the API from which the diagnostic will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the planner task.
The project ID for the zone deletion operation.
The type parameter specifies the type of the public extension to be deactivated.
The printer ID to be associated with the task trigger.
The unique identifier for the application version.
Specifies the maximum number of attachments to return in the result list.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
The version of the API to query usage data for.
Specifies the application of the usage details, typically used to filter or categorize the data.
Specifies the type of query search parameter to validate.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the resource group containing the service endpoint policies.
The user-agent string that identifies the client making the request.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the partner associated with the custom bidding algorithm.
The name of the resource.
The name of the virtual network tap to update.
The user agent string used to identify the client making the request.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the number of top results to return.
The unique identifier for the managed mobile app.
The unique identifier of the table for which row access policies are listed.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property is being created.
The unique identifier for the campaign to which the creative will be associated.
The parameter describes the expansion of related entities or data within the series from workbooks.
The number of items to return in the response.
name of the virtual machine
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The name of the resource group.
The ID of the workbook chart from which to retrieve data labels.
Returns an analytics configuration identified by the analytics configuration ID from the bucket.
The name of the certificate to be permanently deleted.
Specifies the field by which to order the entities returned from the grouplifecyclepolicies API.
initiates a multipart upload and returns an upload id used to associate all parts in the specific multipart upload
The instance to which the diagnostic interrupt will be sent.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The name of the resource group that contains the load balancer.
Deletes the navigation property 'picture' for the financials associated with the sales quote identified by the given ID.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results when listing experiments.
A token to skip ahead in the result set, used for pagination.
The unique identifier for the VM scale set instance.
A token identifying the page that contains the next results.
Returns all notes from the system.
The identifier of the access package resource environment to be deleted.
The name of the virtual network to retrieve.
number of images to return in a batch
The date of the request in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD'.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A unique identifier for the client's request, used to track and reference the job information being retrieved.
Text to display when the build is passing
The navigation property parentsectiongroup in sites that needs to be updated.
The repository name where the release attachment is located.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
A token used to synchronize changes to ACL resources.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the group from which extensions are to be retrieved.
The date to which the search is targeted.
The name of the file to be uploaded.
The end date for the time period over which the historical weather data is aggregated.
The resource name of the OS config patch deployment.
Array of expand parameters to include additional details in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the product.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the resource group containing the image template.
The name of the namespace where the event hubs consumer group is created or updated.
A token that specifies the starting point for the next set of results when retrieving channels.
Search query to filter assignments in devicemanagement
a brand uses a set of brand resource files to control the sending, signing, email message, and captive (embedded) signing experiences. you can modify the default email messages and formats in these files and upload them to your brand to customize the user experience. * * important * * : when you upload a modified resource file, only the elements that differ from the master resource file are saved
The number of results to return per page.
The type parameter specifies the string value used to categorize or identify distinct attributes of client events.
The name of the resource group for which route tables are to be retrieved.
enables or disables the custom mail from domain setup for a verified identity (an email address or a domain). To send emails using the specified mail from domain, you must add an MX record to your mail from domain's DNS settings. If you want your emails to pass.
The unique key used to identify the system.
The name of the blueprint to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the ad unit.
The unique identifier for the user whose redirect URL settings are being configured.
player season statistics projected by team, including bye week and average draft position (ADP)
The name of the resource group containing the vault.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the group name for the custom user settings to be deleted when they are grouped.
The API version used to retrieve existing backups of an app.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the CDN profile under which the new endpoint will be created.
The unique identifier for the event being updated in the groups' navigation property.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property pages for sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for users with the specified onenotepage ID.
The navigation property font in workbooks.
The unique identifier of the event associated with the navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties for users.
The parent resource for the pipeline.
The navigation property 'line' in workbooks is updated with the provided workbooktable ID.
Indicates whether the operation should be validated without actually creating the partition.
The name of the virtual network associated with the subnet to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the app service plans.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The API version to use for the request.
The full account number used as a filter to determine the total number of providers matching the specified account number.
The unique identifier for the transform definition to be updated.
Maximum number of results to return
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The if-match header for conditional requests, used to ensure the resource hasn't changed since the last request.
an array of threat types to filter the results by
The name of the service fabric service resource to create or update.
The unique identifier for the education submission resource to be deleted.
The parameter description is: The name of the service associated with the issue for which comments are to be listed.
The name of the schedule to execute.
maximum badge rank to include in results, where valid values are bronze, silver, and gold
The unique identifier for the web element, used to search for specific elements.
The name of the automation account.
Search query to find sections within groups.
The name of the resource group.
The navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
The name of the node where the application is deployed.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The issue number to remove assignees from.
The name of the job collection to retrieve history for.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property sections.
The name of the resource group associated with the test job.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned, based on the specified property.
The version of the application running on the client.
The number of seconds to wait for a graceful shutdown of the horizontal pod autoscaler collection.
The ID of the notebook to update the navigation property sectiongroups in sites.
The parameter describes the vpntunnel resource to be deleted, specified as a string.
Returns a timeseries of edit counts for a specified MediaWiki project, page title (with canonical namespace prefix), and date range. Optionally filter edits by editor type (e.g., all, anonymous).
The unique identifier for the user entity to be checked for association with a group.
The sort order for the repositories. Can be one of: created, updated, pushed, or full_name.
The subscription ID used to identify the namespace.
The name of the resource group that contains the container.
The interval of the first scheduled script that matches the script name and optionally the argument will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the course.
The name of the developer for whom the prepaid balance is being adjusted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the repository slug.
The start time of the network insights analysis.
The demographic ID of the dependent to be updated.
Array of thumbnail details to be expanded in the response.
displays backups for both current and deleted instances. for example, use this operation to find details about automated backups for previously deleted instances. current instances with retention periods greater than zero ( 0 ) are returned for both the describedbinstanceautomatedbackups and describedbinstances
Primary key of the report schedule log entry.
The unique identifier of the section group for which navigation property sections are to be deleted.
Ordering criteria for the shipment methods.
The repository to check if the current user is watching.
The name of the thing associated with the job execution to be deleted.
The name of the rule to be deleted from the route filter.
The Google Cloud project ID that contains the Cloud SQL instance.
The unique identifier of the product to be disassociated from the group.
The unique identifier for the OpenID Connect provider.
lists all managed policies attached to the specified IAM group; use listGroupPolicies to list inline policies for a group; supports pagination via maxItems and marker; filter policies by path prefix using pathPrefix.
A list of card identifiers used to retrieve corresponding card data.
The version of the API for which loggers are being listed.
The name of the server endpoint to recall.
Specifies the field to sort the analytics data by.
The direction of the data usage.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
Specifies the encoding format for the document retrieval request.
The parameter specifies the identifier for the attachment to retrieve. If no match is found, it returns a null or empty response.
The name of the operation to retrieve for the network trace capturing or deployment slot.
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The identifier of the access package assignment policy for which the navigation property accessPackageResourceScopes is to be deleted.
The type of peering for which the available peering locations are being listed.
The issue number is an integer that identifies the specific issue.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The geographical location associated with the resource.
The name of the resource group to which the network resource belongs.
The email address to be added to the notification recipient list.
The identifier of the group entity to be checked for association with the product entity.
The expand parameter specifies additional details or related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the conversation to be removed from favorites.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in users is updated with the specified sectiongroup ID.
The parameter 'userscopeteamsappinstallation' is of type 'string' and represents the unique identifier for the user scope team app installation. It is used to specify which navigation property, in this case 'installedapps', should be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the team.
Specifies whether to include the labels in the response.
The name of the resource group for which global event subscriptions are listed.
Specifies the field by which to sort the action objects.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
A unique identifier for the client's request.
An array containing steps retrieved from users.
The name of the resource group to be updated.
The unique identifier of the OneNote page.
Array of ChEMBL IDs for molecules.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
Retrieve terms from the term store as an array.
An array containing the fill data extracted from workbooks.
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The name of the model to be deleted.
The `ref` parameter can be a SHA, branch name, or tag name.
The parameter describes a specific tab item retrieved from a given tab, identified by the name "x-bunq-geolocation", and is of type string.
The username of the user whose heatmap is to be retrieved.
Specifies the format of the output data, either 'csv' or 'json'.
Specifies the token to skip to the next page of results in a paginated response.
The name parameter specifies the name of the resource to be purged.
The parent resource name of the agent.
The version of the API being used.
The label selector to filter horizontal pod autoscalers for deletion.
list issues in a repository. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull request id, use the " [ list pull requests ] (
The name of the storage account from which the private endpoint connection will be deleted.
Retrieve a list of events associated with the user.
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
The year for which atmospheric density and temperatures are to be computed.
The number of files to return per page.
An array of entities retrieved from the privilegedsignupstatus table based on the specified selection criteria.
The unique identifier for the domain to which the navigation property is being created.
The navigation property sections in me
Indicates whether the API data synchronization with CRM is enabled.
The name of the resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the group to update.
Retrieve an array of payment terms from the financials system.
Whether to validate the request without actually creating the connector.
A token to include in the next request to continue pagination.
The unique identifier for the managed eBook assignment.
The parameter 'id' is of type string and represents the unique identifier for the drive item to be acted upon.
A token used to continue retrieving replicas in case the response is paginated.
The name parameter represents the site identifier, which is a string used to specify the particular site context for retrieving questions.
The unique identifier for the autoscale pool.
The unique identifier for the customer payment journal record.
Authentication token for the bunq client.
The location response header contains the URI used to obtain the status of the asynchronous deletion process.
The number of records to return.
The navigation property fields in the drive associated with the specified list item version ID.
A token that indicates the next page of results to retrieve.
A pagination cursor used to fetch the next page of listings.
Indicates whether the availability is server-based and provides details on unavailability reasons.
Indicates whether to include game configuration when copying the snapshot to an existing game.
Retrieves the parent section group of a specific OneNote section identified by its ID.
Start date for searching entries, formatted as a string.
An array of tweets that match the active rule set of the stream.
The unique identifier for the transform definition used in the AOE liability report.
The number of role assignments to skip.
The unique identifier for the chat message within the hosted content.
Indicates whether the bounding rectangle is used in insight generation, with the ID of the insight.
The value of the 'if-match' header to ensure the operation is performed only if the resource's ETag matches the provided value.
returns a variety of information about the spaces specified by the requested ids
expand: array of sections to include in the response
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the CDN profile is located.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be processed.
The number of items to return per page.
The unique identifier for the playback session being pinged.
The name of the resource group where the hybrid connection will be created.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account to be deleted.
The number of records to skip.
Checks if the specified job schedule exists.
The user key used to identify and retrieve the specific user.
Specifies the search criteria for retrieving either facilities or clusters.
The version of the API being used.
Filter room sessions by the exact date and time they were created.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property customer in financials.
Specifies whether dependent resources should be deleted when the collection is removed.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The name of the disk to create or update.
The starting index of the returned results. Used for pagination.
The number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the mailbox for which the password needs to be changed.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the compute pool.
The identifier for the access package catalog to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the call associated with the communication.
The API version to use for the request.
API token for authentication and authorization.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
The unique identifier of the event associated with the navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties for users.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The navigation property sectiongroups in users that needs to be updated.
Information on the system reindexes, including details of the current or latest reindex task, or a 404 if no reindex has occurred.
The parameter description is: The reference ID of the allowed users associated with the printer share.
The unique identifier for the patient's plan from which the health action is to be retrieved.
The maximum number of results to return for the request.
The unique identifier for the request.
The parent of the composite index.
The unique identifier of the message to update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the consumer in the Apideck system.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
The API version to use for the request.
The date before which users joined.
Number of issues to skip for the pagination of results.
The parameter describes the specific revision number for which the pension revision details are to be retrieved.
The resource version for the collection of statefulsets to be deleted.
Specifies the field by which the search results should be sorted.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property calendarview in groups.
The number of tasktriggers retrieved from the print operation.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the user's subscription.
Search query to filter security baseline states from device management.
A string parameter used to specify filtering criteria for retrieving a list of podcasts within a particular category.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search for entries of type data access service.
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine scale set.
The name of the device to retrieve properties for.
The unique identifier of the user to be deleted from the Amazon Connect instance.
The format of the policy configuration at the API level.
expand parameter is an array used to specify the definition to be retrieved from the print.
The number of consumer accounts associated with the provided email address.
The expand parameter is used to include additional related data in the response, such as team details or member information.
Specifies the maximum number of dimension values to return in the response.
The name of the resource group that contains the spatial anchors account.
Specifies whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The API version used for the resync operation.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier of the user for whom the teamwork navigation property is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the drive item to be checked in.
The unit of measurement for the forecast data.
The name of the network security group where the security rule will be created or updated.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine.
The unique identifier for the group to which the video will be added.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified user section group identified by the given ID.
The name of the express route cross connection.
The end date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the onenotepage, which is used to retrieve its parent section.
API description for the parameter 'x-api2crm-application-key' is not provided in the input.
The maximum number of records to return in the response.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresource in identity governance.
creates a new version of a model within an Amazon Lookout for Vision project. This operation is asynchronous, meaning Amazon Lookout for Vision trains, tests, and evaluates the new model version in the background. To monitor the progress, use the `describeModel` API to check the status field in the response. If the project contains only one dataset, Amazon Lookout for Vision automatically splits it into training and test datasets. If the project already has separate training and test datasets, they are used directly for model evaluation.
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
Verifies if the provided phone number is valid for the specified country.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether to force the creation of an image, potentially overwriting existing data.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve the OneNote.
Retrieve extensions associated with the specified task list ID.
name: The name of the category to be updated.   imagename: The filename of the image associated with the category.   color: The color code (in hex format) representing the category's color.   keywordmatching: The matching strategy for keywords (e.g., "all" or "any").   keywords: A list of keywords associated with the category.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the service associated with the API diagnostics.
The unique identifier for the custodian responsible for the site's compliance.
The parameter describes the container format for a video segment.
The S3 bucket where the transit gateway route table exports will be saved.
The page number for pagination.
The API version used for updating public IP address tags.
The specified managed policy to the specified IAM role, making it part of the role's permission (access) policy.
Filter criteria for retrieving entities from devices.
The unique identifier of the drive item associated with the workbook.
The namespace of the resource provider to unregister.
API key for authenticating the application with the CRM system.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the user whose certifications are being retrieved.
filter parameter to narrow down the list of sqlintegrations in a given domain
Search for premium stock video content, including archival film and contemporary 4K/HD footage, using specified fields to control response details.
The unique identifier of the image to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property telecomexpensemanagementpartners in devicemanagement.
A message to be logged, typically containing details about an event or operation.
The version of the API being used.
The unique reference for the cancellation request.
Specifies whether the response should include partial success results.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the billing account associated with the department.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresource in identity governance.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The height of the image in pixels.
The unique identifier for the amendment in Zuora.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
The number of instances to return per page.
The project identifier for which the usage export feature is being configured.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The connected organization identifier for the identity governance navigation property to externalsponsors.
Number of top alerts to retrieve from the security system.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The current state of the rate plan.
The collection of APIs associated with the specified tags.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding is supported.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine.
The level of consistency required for the entities retrieved from administrative units.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
The name of the virtual machine instance to update.
The name of the OpenID Connect provider to create or update.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the GTM tag.
The unique identifier for the multiplex to be updated.
The project identifier for the image request.
monthly_range.start_month.year: The starting year for the monthly range of impressions data.   monthly_range.start_month.month: The starting month for the monthly range of impressions data.   monthly_range.end_month.year: The ending year for the monthly range of impressions data.   monthly_range.end_month.month: The ending month for the monthly range of impressions data.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property files related to agreements.
The unique identifier for the user whose parent section group navigation property is to be deleted.
The number of rows to delete from the range.
Returns the eBay policies that define how to list automotive parts compatibility items in the categories of a specific marketplace. By default, returns the entire category tree for the specified marketplace. Use the filter query parameter to limit the size of the result set.
The unique identifier of the group to match for deletion of navigation property sectiongroups.
The version of the API to use for the request.
filter: filters the results by a keyword or criteria (e.g., status, label, milestone).
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
search query to find versions in shares
The name of the processor to be disabled.
The unique identifier of the calendar for which sharing roles are being managed.
The name of the self-hosted integration runtime.
The project identifier or name to retrieve the project's representation.
The navigation property accesspackageresourcerolescopes in identitygovernance that is being updated.
The parameter 'p_stsly' is of type number and is used to specify a search criterion for filtering facilities or clusters.
The name of the resource group associated with the specified Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to be used for downloading the price sheet.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The unique identifier for the favorite.
The unique identifier for the application associated with the journey.
protecting a branch requires the repository owner or administrator to enable branch protection rules, which can include settings such as requiring pull request reviews before merging, requiring status checks to pass before merging, and preventing force pushes.
name: The name of the database to create or update.
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Array of payee names associated with the campaign finance transactions.
The unique identifier for the user experience analytics app health OS version performance entity.
maximum number of results to return
Specifies whether partial success is returned when some resources fail to be processed.
token for pagination
The unique identifier for the printer whose navigation property share reference is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the role definition to be deleted.
Retrieve details from the users table using a SELECT query, returning results as an array.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The project identifier for which service attachments are listed.
The page number for retrieving notes.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in the workbook, identified by the drive item ID, is being updated.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The number of records to skip for the pagination of the result set.
The name of the resource group containing the cloud endpoint.
number of gists to return per page
token for the next page of results
The unique identifier for the access package resource role scope.
Retrieves information about a specific contact of the Zoom user.
The navigation property instances related to the calendar ID for users.
The unique identifier for the user experience analytics device startup history.
The unique identifier of the administrative unit from which extensions are to be retrieved.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The unique identifier of the calendar group to delete the navigation property multivalue extended properties for.
The name of the resource group where the app service plan is located.
The sub parameter represents the identifier for the page, typically used to specify a particular page within the application.
Indicates whether the request ID should be returned in the response.
The unique identifier of the gist.
The parameter describes an array that expands to retrieve the format from workbooks.
The version of the API being used.
The list of values associated with the specified list name, where the condition is "if none match".
The unique identifier for the image being sent.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Retrieve the entity from the group setting templates using the specified key.
The unique identifier for the user whose exception occurrences are being retrieved.
The name of the cluster to be updated in the database.
The parameter 'slot' is a string that specifies the logging configuration slot for the app.
The unique identifier of the group for which navigation property extensions are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the merge request or pipeline.
Details retrieved from the planner are returned as an array.
The name of the dedicated host group to be updated.
The unique identifier for the envelope containing the PDF blobs to be displayed.
Number of sections to retrieve from the sites.
The name of the blockchain member associated with the transaction node to be deleted.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
The navigation property tasks associated with the user identified by the specified ID will be deleted.
The name of the P2S VPN gateway in the virtual WAN.
The maximum number of custom domain names to return in the response.
The name of the snapshot to be deleted.
The version of the schema used for the code binding.
Specifies the field used to sort the list of SSL policies.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be updated.
Deregisters the specified AMI. After deregistering an AMI, it can't be used to launch new instances, but it doesn't affect any instances already launched from the AMI. You'll continue to incur usage costs for those instances until you terminate them. When you deregister an Amazon EBS-backed AMI, the associated snapshot remains available for use.
The unique identifier for the custom field.
Specifies a token to skip ahead in the result set, enabling pagination of the response.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The duration of the time period for which air marshal scan results are being listed.
This operation is only available if the invoice settlement feature is enabled in your Zuora Billing account. The invoice settlement feature, which includes unapplied payments, credit and debit memos, and invoice item settlement, became generally available with Zuora Billing release 296 (March 2021). To enable this feature, refer to the relevant documentation.
Parameter description: Specifies the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
The unique identifier for the user who owns the reminder to be dismissed.
description of the vocabulary entries to search for
The API version to use for the request.
The version of the API to be deleted.
Specifies the number of results to skip before starting to return results.
The tag used for training purposes.
text to be translated into Ferb Latin
The unique identifier for the hotel.
The name of the Azure Stream Analytics job.
Retrieve a list of compliance management partners from the device management system.
The maximum number of results to return.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the country.
The navigation property that represents the parent notebook for the section group.
The pool ID used to identify the specific pool for which the operating system reinstallation is requested.
The name of the manager for which extended information is requested.
The media fields to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
list all discussions on a team's page. oauth access tokens require the ` read : discussion ` scope. note: you can also specify a team by ` org_id ` and ` team_id ` using the route ` get /organizations/{org_id}/teams/{team_id}/discussions `.
Specifies the preferred language for the response.
The unique identifier of the item to be unmarked as a favorite.
The API version used to retrieve the customer by their ID.
Name of the resource group for the cluster
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
expand: array of outcomes from education
The name of the resource group containing the VPN sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the theme to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the OpenID Connect provider to create or update.
The identifier of the remote DICOM modality to which the storage commitment request is sent.
The parameter 'resourcegroup' is a string that specifies the name of the resource group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the API token to be updated.
Specifies the number of livestreams to return per page.
The unique identifier of the user whose joined teams navigation property is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the team from which installed apps are to be retrieved.
Specifies the maximum number of subscription descriptions to return in a single call.
This endpoint retrieves a daily series of various campaign statistics over time, including metrics such as messages sent, opened, clicked, and converted, categorized by message channel.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Authentication token required to authorize the request.
The category to which the generated names belong.
The resource to which labels are being assigned.
The unique identifier for the merchant center sub-account's website.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the item to be removed from the cart.
A string parameter that specifies the slot for starting the web application.
A valid token to authenticate the user and end their do not disturb session.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return. If not specified, the default is 100.
The contact folder ID to delete the navigation property multivalue extended properties for.
The unique identifier (object ID) of the application for which key credentials are being retrieved.
The end date for the calendar entries search, specified as a string in date format.
The source of the annotations.
used to manage text notes
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the group from which to retrieve media content for the navigation property pages.
Retrieve the onenote data from the specified source.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the firewall rule to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
The unique identifier for the pool to enable automatic scaling.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The unique identifier of the managed ebook category to be deleted from device app management.
The name parameter is a string that represents the name of the application for which scale-out instances are being retrieved.
The name of the network security group containing the rule to be deleted.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for users is deleted, where 'sectiongroup' is identified by a unique string ID.
The version of the API being used.
A valid vehicle identification number (VIN) used to retrieve basic specifications information for a car.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The device's pixel ratio, which represents the ratio of physical pixels to logical pixels.
The name of the resource group that contains the data lake store account.
This parameter specifies the circulation desk associated with the resources on the shelf in Alma.
The unique identifier for the trending content to be redirected to.
Lists public organization memberships for the specified user. This method only returns public memberships and does not require authentication. To retrieve all organization memberships (both public and private) for the authenticated user, use the "List organizations for the authenticated user" endpoint instead.
The branch identifier used to filter repossessions by the created date starting from a specific date.
The project identifier used to filter addresses within the specified region.
An array of chat details to be expanded.
The API version used for the operation.
The geographical region where the job is located.
The unique identifier of the product from which the API will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the job run to be updated.
Filters the collection of health events reported on the node based on the health state.
The ID of the drive item to apply the bottom percent filter on.
The Windows Update state ID used to retrieve device update states from the device management system.
The date to which the search should be limited.
Specifies the maximum number of FPGA images to return in the response.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of knowledge bases.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the virtual network gateway connection.
The namespaced type consists of two parts: the namespace and the type. The namespace must be one of the values returned by...
The unique identifier for the subscription.
page number for pagination
Specifies the fields to be returned for each user in the response.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property calendarview associated with users.
The unique identifier for the unified role eligibility request.
The name of the synchronization setting to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the drive item.
The version of the bot from which the locale will be removed.
The unique identifier for the employee secret.
The name of the domain to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the policy configuration at the product level.
The number of NSX managers to list.
The unique identifier of the administrative unit from which scoped role members are retrieved.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for the upgrade history.
The unique identifier of the remote DICOM modality to which the DICOM instance will be sent.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The workspace identifier for the query.
The project on which the caller's permissions are being checked.
Returns either all transitions or a transition that can be performed by the user on an issue, based on the issue's status. If a requested transition does not exist or cannot be performed due to the issue's status, an empty transitions list is returned. This operation is accessible anonymously.
Number of conversations to skip for pagination.
Retrieve a list of drives.
description of the seabird cnv data entries being searched
returns a list of Amazon Redshift parameter groups, including those you created and the default parameter group. For each parameter group, the response includes the parameter group name, description, and parameter group family name. You can optionally specify a name to retrieve the description of a specific parameter group.
The unique identifier for the device management script.
The unique identifier for the account.
The name parameter specifies the respondents involved in the case.
A string parameter that specifies the username for which card stickers are to be retrieved. If 'me' is provided, the response will reflect the username associated with the supplied token.
The unique identifier for the network.
The unique identifier for the public visible employee secret object.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Name of the policy to create or update.
Search query to find entities in contacts
The page number of the results to return.
validates query search parameters and returns query identifier. use the responseset parameter to set the page size
The name of the express route circuit to retrieve information about.
The project identifier.
The name of the backup policy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the report to be updated.
Specifies the preferred language for the response.
Name of the access key to regenerate
The name of the data factory.
get extensions from me
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property pendingaccessreviewinstances is being updated.
The unique identifier of the subscription for which the secondary key will be regenerated.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the case associated with the add to review set operation.
The name of the application to be exported.
Retrieve section groups associated with specific sites.
The name of the resource group to list log files for.
The minimum date for filtering posts, specified in ISO 8601 format.
The unique identifier for the proactive detection configuration.
The name of the peering associated with the express route cross connection.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'band' is a string that specifies the client for which the list of events is to be retrieved.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used to delete a prediction in the hub.
Specifies whether to include detailed information such as holdings and account details in the summary response.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the subscription for which cached recommendations are being retrieved.
The bit rate of the video stream in kilobits per second.
Text to search for entries of type ome tiff file.
The unique identifier for the section group to be deleted.
An array of IDs corresponding to the predicted images and their associated prediction results to be deleted.
Specifies the network features that are required.
The unique identifier for the bank account associated with the statement report.
The unique identifier for the task being terminated.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The period parameter specifies the time range for which usage details of the SharePoint site are requested. It is provided as a string and typically follows formats such as "D7" (last 7 days), "D30" (last 30 days), or "D90" (last 90 days).
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Indicates whether the product option is required for the store.
The Amazon Access Key ID used to authenticate API requests to the Amazon service.
The parameter describes the timestamp indicating when the actual data was last updated in the system.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving history items from users
filter parameter to specify the condition for retrieving the most recent storage data by partition
The parameter description is: The API version to be used for the transaction tagging.
The region where the managed instance group will be created.
The network firewall policy to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the API service.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether the file should be restricted to a single parent.
The type of the canonical support plan to be canceled for the subscription.
The access package resource associated with the identity governance, specifically identified by the resource role ID.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment.
The name of the billing profile to be used for the new webdirect or EA Azure subscription.
Specifies the properties to expand in the response.
The name of the export.
The identifier for the access package resource role associated with the identity governance navigation property.
limits the number of CPU cores used for video processing
searches for query terms inside of a file. this method returns up to 100 results [ per page ] ( https : / / docs. github. com / enterprise - server @ 3. 0 / rest / overview / resources - in - the - rest - api # pagination ). when searching for code, you can get text match metadata for the file * * content * * and file * * path * * fields when you pass the ` text - match ` media type. for more details about how to receive highlighted search results, see
The unique identifier for the billing account associated with the scope.
The unique identifier for the site where the navigation property sectiongroups is to be updated.
An array of calendar details to be expanded in the response.
The name of the automation account used to create the node configuration.
The token used to authenticate requests to the Postmark API for managing sender signatures.
The unique identifier for the section group.
name of the web site
The name of the index to be deleted.
external reference or identifier for cross street lookup
The user for whom authorizations are being listed.
The unique identifier of the managed device.
Number of column positions retrieved from drives
Minimum number of watchers for the collection.
The text to be translated into Swedish Chef speak.
The unique identifier for the server where the role's permissions will be updated.
The navigation property languages in the identity b2xIdentityUserFlow resource.
The end time of the service group.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a backup of the stateful persisted partition's state. If the partition is already being periodically backed up, the new backup is created at the same backup storage by default. The backup storage can be overridden by specifying the backup storage details in the request body.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
The unique identifier of the site for which the parent notebook navigation property is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The unique identifier for the user to whom the navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
platform parameter specifies the target platform for the search, such as web, mobile, or tablet.
The unique identifier for the group.
Description of the parameter: A string value used to search for entries of type basic mb point file.
The name of the publisher for which to retrieve the list of virtual machine image skus.
The maximum number of invoice items to return.
filter parameter to specify the pages to retrieve from sites
creates a vpc endpoint for a specified service. an endpoint enables you to create a private connection between your vpc and the service. the service may be provided by aws, an aws marketplace partner, or another aws account. for more information, see vpc endpoints in the amazon virtual private cloud user guide. a gateway endpoint serves as a target for a route in your route table for traffic destined for the aws service. you can specify an endpoint policy
The unique identifier of the event to update within the navigation property exceptionOccurrences in groups.
The ZIP code used to filter facilities or clusters based on location.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request lifecycle.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page being updated.
The name of the resource group for which to retrieve virtual network gateways.
The unique identifier of the CloudFront distribution that you want to invalidate.
The name of the express route cross connection to be updated.
API authentication token required for accessing forecast data
The unique identifier for the subscription under which the certificate will be created.
The unique identifier for the list item version associated with the shares.
The name parameter specifies the resource group name for which wait statistics are to be retrieved.
The engine aspiration type of the active inventory dealers.
The channel data used for verification attempts.
The calendar ID used to retrieve multivalue extended properties from users.
The username 'me' will be replaced with the username associated with the provided token.
The unique identifier for the envelope.
The certificate must not be associated with any existing pools, installed on any compute nodes, or used by any running tasks.
Number of products to skip before starting to return results
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The name of the virtual machine to be deleted.
number of manifests to list
Filter to retrieve specific sections from users
The unique identifier for the NetApp account subscription.
The navigation property agentgroups for the onpremisespublishingprofiles resource.
The container from which the new image will be created.
API key for authentication
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The name of the account associated with the asset.
The number of appconnections to return in the response.
The unique identifier of the event to delete from the calendar view of a group.
An array of resource details retrieved from the governanceroleassignmentrequests.
The geographic API parameter 'sw' is of type string and represents the southwest corner of a bounding box in latitude and longitude coordinates.
The `advertisedid` parameter is a unique identifier for the beacon that needs to be registered. It must not have been previously registered in the system. This ID serves as a key to identify and manage the beacon within the platform.
Imports the public key from an RSA or Ed25519 key pair created with a third-party tool, allowing you to use your own private key with AWS resources.
The unique code that identifies the channel associated with the PAM asset.
API key for authentication to delete an experiment.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of navigation property subscriptions for a drive.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name parameter specifies the name of the DNS zone to be created. If set to "none-match", it indicates that no matching name should be used, typically for scenarios where a unique or non-conflicting name is required.
search criteria for facilities or clusters
The SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) of the listing to retrieve.
A cursor used to paginate through the list of reactions made by a user.
The unique identifier for the payroll service integrated via Apideck.
The identifier for the directory role to which the navigation property is being created.
The longitude coordinate used to find the nearest airports.
The unique identifier for the message.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Search query to filter role definitions in role management.
The unique identifier of the attachment to be updated.
The unique identifier for the governance role definition.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the server where the database will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the comment to which a reply is being created.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Indicates whether to include contextual information in the alert results.
The API version for the operation.
The identifier of the cache for which details are to be retrieved.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id, however overriding is supported.
The version of the API being used.
The size of the search result objects.
The date when the weather entry was last modified.
The surname of the person booking the appointment.
Retrieve a list of attachments associated with the current user.
The name of the msdeploy operation to retrieve the log for.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource for which event subscriptions are being listed.
The authorization token required to authenticate the request.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the content type.
A unique key that ensures the request is processed only once, preventing duplicate orders from being created due to retries.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the sales invoice.
The unique identifier for the bookmark relation.
Number of records to skip.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter description is: The report of the signature.
The name of the resource group that contains the app.
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
The navigation property 'parentsection' to be updated for the specified OneNote page.
The name of the resource group where the storage sync service is located.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier of the group.
The unique identifier for the file within the report.
The name of the domain.
Specifies whether to include only online meetings in the results.
Specifies the order in which results are returned, with 'descending' indicating that the data should be sorted from highest to lowest value.
The name of the resource group.
filter parameter to specify the date range for listing reservation details
Retrieve an array of sections associated with users.
The project associated with the specified queued resource.
The application manifest XML as a string.
Specifies the maximum number of token lifetime policies to return.
The access package resource scope identifier (id1) is a unique string that represents a specific scope within an access package, defining the resources and permissions associated with it in the identity governance system.
The parameter description for the `devicemanagementscriptdevicestate - id` is not provided in the input.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the snooze reminder action.
Shopper ID is a numeric identifier with a maximum length of 10 digits (e.g., 1234567890), distinct from Customer ID, which is a UUIDv4 format string (e.g., 295e3bc3-b3b9-4d95-aae5-ede41a9).
Ordering parameter for sorting the results of the single value extended properties from users.
aggregated latency info for a given ap on this network
Maximum longitude value to filter netcdf glider data entries.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieval from sites.
The name of the resource group containing the machines.
The unique identifier of the user whose following list is being retrieved.
The unique identifier of the team to update.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' in groups that is being updated, identified by the section group ID.
The date when the content was reviewed.
The username of the environment.
Specifies the maximum number of attachments to return in the response. If more attachments exist than the specified limit, a next token is provided in the response to retrieve the remaining results.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name of the resource being referred to in the context of retrieving the list of vCenter servers registered under a fabric.
Orders the results by the specified field in ascending or descending order.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The scope of the information protection policy.
The navigation property agentgroups in onpremisespublishingprofiles that needs to be updated.
Retrieve an array of role definitions from the role management system.
The condition used to monitor the smartgroup.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The name of the node for which a session is being retrieved.
API version for retrieving time series instances in pages.
The unique identifier of the chat room to be deleted.
Specifies the order in which the resourcescopes should be returned.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
The date and time after which the pool properties were last modified.
Indicates whether to validate the request without actually performing the action.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network.
The name of the connection monitor to start.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
number of users to retrieve
The unique identifier for the calendar group extension.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
Number of records to skip for pagination purposes.
The QR code image generated for the provided email address.
Indicates whether to include the count of applications in the response.
Fields related to the checklist in the card.
The unique identifier for the company.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
Ordering field for the extensions list.
The unique identifier for the notebook associated with the parent section group.
The unique identifier of the drive.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the app service plan is created or updated.
The age unit of the risk factor.
Specifies the branch name for which protection rules are being applied.
draft pull requests are available in public repositories with GitHub Free and GitHub Free for Organizations, GitHub Pro, and legacy per-repository billing plans, and in public and private repositories with GitHub Team and GitHub Enterprise Cloud. For more information, see [GitHub's products](https://help).
The unique identifier for the enrollment account.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart.
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested objects.
The connection envelope containing the gateway configuration details to be added or updated in the connected virtual network.
Adds an absence (verzuimmelding) for an employee.
The timeout value for the partition to resume periodic backup after suspension.
The unique identifier of the group for which the navigation property to calendar permissions is being created.
The unique identifier for the workbook named item.
The person parameter specifies the artist to retrieve from the item, folder, or entire library.
The name of the resource group containing the database account.
The TPP's digital signature certificate used for authentication and authorization purposes.
The version of the API being used.
A token to retrieve the next set of results. This parameter is used for pagination and should be omitted on the initial request.
The version of the database engine to use for the new DB cluster.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The tenant identifier for which the restaurant fees are being created or updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
parameter description: a string used to specify the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters
The unique identifier for the profile filter.
The namespace of the resource provider.
The proxy configuration used for the GKE Connect agent deployment manifest.
Filters the results based on a specified condition.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task.
The name of the virtual WAN VPN gateway for which to retrieve site link connections.
The unique identifier for the section group.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results if the response is paginated.
Specifies whether to count the number of instances retrieved from access reviews.
Maximum number of replicas to keep in the collection
The unique identifier for a character.
The unique identifier for the managed device to be cleaned.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes an array that specifies the fields or properties to exclude from the response when retrieving policies.
The project identifier where the healthcheck resource is located.
Extracts a subgraph from an ontology, where 'cnode' is an array specifying the nodes to include in the subgraph.
The region for which subnet delegations are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the employee, publicly accessible and used to reference their secret object.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified groups.
Number of entities to skip for the current page of results
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Minimum latitude for filtering the search results of before and after images.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified user with the given ID.
Lifetime description for the x-api2crm-describe endpoint
Number of tasktriggers to skip.
Search query to find sectiongroups within groups.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The date and time at which the file was last modified, used to conditionally retrieve the file content only if it has been modified since this timestamp.
The authorization header for authenticating the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies whether the cluster is encrypted.
Specifies the sections to be retrieved from the sites.
Specifies whether to replace instances that are marked as unhealthy.
The parameter 'itemaddress - id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for an address associated with a user.
A string representing the reference to be updated.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property instances to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the label to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
Specifies the maximum number of resources to return in the response.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of section groups in sites.
Specifies whether the response should be pretty-printed (with indentation and line breaks) for better readability.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property extensions are to be updated.
Number of assignments to return
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies the page size for the response set, controlling the number of results returned per page.
Indicates whether to include office information in the response.
supported compression types for the threat list diffs
The namespace of the resource provider.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for a list operation.
The number of role scope tags to retrieve, limiting the result set.
The parent identifier, which can be a node or customer ID.
The unique identifier for the hold from which the account will be removed.
The ID of the planner bucket from which tasks are to be retrieved.
The singleValueLegacyExtendedProperty ID to be updated.
The name of the invoice section to which billing subscriptions are being transferred.
The JSON body of the request should include `load_balancers`, `volumes`, or `volume_snapshots` keys, each set to an array of IDs for the associated resources to be destroyed.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
The resource to which the access control policy is applied.
The version of the API being used.
The database used for storing genotyping schemes.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuits.
The name parameter represents the name of the resource group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier of the group whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with the current user, expanding the result to include detailed information in an array format.
The name of the API version to retrieve the packet capture session.
number of versions to retrieve from the drive
The parameter describes the date associated with the job schedule to be terminated.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
used to manage text notes
A token that specifies the starting point for the next page of results.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that contains the tags. Only bots, bot aliases, and bot channels can have tags associated with them.
The unique identifier for the payment link.
The version of the API to be used.
The unique identifier for the education class.
Ordering parameter for sorting the private link resource policies.
The project identifier for the SSL policy configuration.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the service for which the policy configuration is being created or updated.
The version of the API being used for validating and provisioning the code or configuration packages in a Service Fabric cluster.
An array containing device states retrieved from the device app management system.
A unique identifier for a track resource, required by the video API. The track name on the subscriber side is not guaranteed to be unique.
The API version for retrieving the specified role assignment.
price and is required if the model is 'single' or 'recurring'
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account to retrieve properties for.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the 'transitiveMemberOf' navigation property for the specified group. The 'id' parameter is a string that identifies the group.
Specifies the number of records to skip in the result set.
The profile information used for logging in to a virtual machine on Google Compute Engine.
returns a paginated list of all repositories owned by the specified account or uuid, with optional filtering by authenticated user's role (e.g., 'contributor' returns repos where the user has write access), and supports additional filtering and sorting.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The name of the tag to be created for the repository.
The authentication provider used for the user's account.
The name of the resource group.
Filter to retrieve specific sublabels from the data classification.
The name of the express route circuit to create or update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the android managed app protection entity.
determines whether the specified (directional) relationship exists between the specified source and target assets.
The IP address of the customer's device or network.
The unique identifier for the client request.
Specifies whether dependent resources should be deleted when the replication controller is deleted.
Summary of the number of attempts made and the number of successful conversions for a specific verification service ID.
The name of the runbook to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the account.
The unique identifier of the server to be rebuilt.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the notebook whose parent notebook is to be retrieved.
Specifies the field to order the results by.
The project identifier for which the access control policy is being set.
The API version for the subscription-level policy definition.
The workspace to which the asset belongs.
A selector to filter the statefulsets by labels.
The version of the API being used.
The navigation property representing the relationship between device management intents and device states.
Registers an AMI. This is the final step when creating an AMI, required before launching an instance from it. For more details on creating AMIs, refer to "Creating Your Own AMIs" in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide. For Amazon EBS-backed instances.
The name of the customer for whom the CSP subscription is being created.
The version of the API being used for the search operation.
An array containing user experience analytics application health application performance data grouped by OS version.
Minimum latitude for the search query.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The repository name for which branch protections are to be created.
The name of the service for which user preferences are being retrieved.
The name of the bot version for which the custom slot type is being created.
The version of the API to use for this request.
Specifies the maximum number of applications to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the package associated with the artifact.
The audio stream codec used for encoding the video.
The name of the resource type for which event types are being listed.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine and network security group.
The name of the service to be used in the operation.
The unique identifier for the base item.
number of results per page (max 100)
The name of the repetition within the workflow run expression trace.
Search query to filter service principals by entity name or other attributes.
The name of the automation account.
The maximum number of results to return.
The version of the API being used.
Filters the result set by promotion status and limits the number of results to return. Optionally includes keywords to narrow down promotions containing specific terms.
Number of comments to skip for pagination.
The unique identifier for the company.
Indicates whether to force the update of the resource quota status, overriding any conflicts or validations.
The name of the service fabric node where the container is deployed.
The unique identifier of the group for which navigation property settings are to be deleted.
list all contacts that are not part of any contact group, typically auto-created from interactions; sync tokens expire after 7 days post-full sync, and requests with expired tokens will result in an error from Google.
Specifies the field by which the email template records should be sorted.
The project identifier for which runtime NAT mapping information of VM endpoints is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the event to be deleted from the user's navigation property.
The unique identifier for the subcontractor to be deleted.
The number of sales feature types associated with a company.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the job to which tasks will be added.
The data available for each interval is examined to identify and return significant values. Each interval may yield up to five unique values: the first value, the last value, the highest value, the lowest value, and at most one exceptional point (such as a bad status or digital state). Any time series value in the response containing an 'errors' property indicates that PI Web API encountered a handled error during processing.
Deletes a job and all associated tasks and statistics, overriding the retention period for task data by removing task working directories and their contents from compute nodes.
A URL that will be called when the access token is revoked or expires.
The milestone number to list labels for issues in.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the self-hosted integration runtime node to be deleted.
The identifier for the employment record to retrieve notes for.
Sorts results by the specified field, placing null values at the end.
The name of the account associated with the application whose settings are being updated.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The parameter description is: The version of the API being used to list report records by product.
limits the number of results returned in a single response.
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the store.
The unique identifier for the version of the application.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
The namespace associated with the specific notification to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Order by column positions reference from drives.
The name of the connector mapping to create or update.
The unique identifier for the CIS transaction to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The callback URL associated with a specific trigger of a workflow version.
The name of the service associated with the collection of APIs.
The ID of the profile.
search query to filter user experience analytics device startup history data
The end date of the month for which the ad hoc report is generated, represented as an integer.
The unique identifier for the execution.
The name of the device to create or update.
The parameter 'instance' is a string that identifies the specific instance whose network interface is to be updated.
The number of seconds after which a request will time out if no response is received.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The content type must be set to application/json to use the default behavior for creating a default signature image based on the user's name and a DocuSign font.
The list of instances to delete, specified as names or URIs.
The name of the volume to be patched.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for listing notes in the project
Indicates whether the comment data has been finalized for the API to CRM integration process.
API key for authentication with the CRM system
Specifies whether to expand groups in the analysis to include their members.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of subscriptions.
The token used for authenticating the workflow extension step.
The diagnostic category used to execute the detector.
The name of the SSL predefined policy to retrieve.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group where the route filter is located.
Retrieve the list of versions associated with the specified site ID.
The format of the stadiums data.
The parameter describes the device health script device state ID, which is used to identify the specific state of a device health script during the execution of the disable lost mode action.
The navigation property accesspackageresourceroles for identitygovernance being deleted.
The zone where the future reservation is to be created.
The unique identifier of the relation to be deleted from the term store.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The geographical location associated with the draft payment, typically represented as a string containing latitude and longitude coordinates.
The unique identifier for the theme.
A unique identifier for the training project.
The version of the API being used.
List of app names for which to retrieve the recaptchaenterpriseconfigs.
The unique identifier for the attachment.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the storage account.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The parameter describes the unique identifier of the user, which is a string type.
The name of the application setting.
The parameter 'grouppolicydefinitionvalue - id' is a string that represents the reference ID of a group policy definition value within the device management system.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier for the access review instance.
The name of the resource group.
describes the specified event windows or all event windows. if you specify event window ids, the output includes information for only the specified event windows. if you specify filters, the output includes information for only those event windows that meet the filter criteria. if you don't specify event windows ids or filters, the output includes information for all event windows, which can
The unique identifier for the user profile.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and correlate requests.
Retrieve threads from specified groups as an array.
the video search api lets you send a search query to bing and get back a list of videos that are relevant to the search query. this section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request videos and the json response objects that contain them. for examples that
Filter to apply when listing alerts for a department (e.g., by status, severity, or time range).
The unique identifier for the drive item to be cleared.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the cloud endpoint to be restored.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the fabric associated with the recovery services provider.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The parameter represents the unique identifier for a planner task, used to retrieve or reference the task's assigned-to task board format.
The duration in seconds after which the backup operation times out if not completed.
Search query to find tasks within groups
The availability status of the broadcast channel.
maximum year value for listings
The deployment slot to copy from or to.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The start date for the settlement report by country.
The path to the device associated with the express route circuit.
Specifies spatial search parameters according to the OpenSearch 1.1 specification, along with extensions from OpenSearch Geo (1.0) and SRU (1.0).
The parameter 'p_st' is a string used to specify the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the user to be deleted from the databox edge/gateway device.
The multivalue legacy extended property identifier used to reference the navigation property multivalueExtendedProperties in users.
The API version parameter specifies the version of the API to be used.
The name of the virtual machine scale set on which maintenance is to be performed.
Indicates whether to summarize errors in the manual journal.
The parameter describes the project identifier used to queue a project for training, specifically labeled as "training-key".
Read a range of elements from the specified integer32 table, starting from a given index.
The unique identifier for the managed device mobile app configuration state.
The unique identifier for the credential to be deleted.
A token identifying a page of results the server should return.
The parameter describes a navigation property named 'devicecompliancescript' with an ID of type string, used to associate device compliance scripts within the device management context.
The unique identifier for the channel.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
search for entries of type fec pacs in the database table named 'db_fec_pacs.committee'
The name of the event hub for which the description is being retrieved.
Search query to filter device statuses in device app management.
Filters the results based on specified criteria.
Adds a repository to the list of selected repositories that can access a self-hosted runner group. The runner group must have `visibility` set to `selected`.
Specifies whether the results should be ordered in ascending order.
Specifies whether to include child elements when executing the create configuration function for data references within the element's attributes.
The date when the entry was last changed.
An array of access package resource roles retrieved from the identity governance system.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The availability status of the editorial highlights for the specified channel in TV & iPlayer.
Reads the specified integer64 table element and returns it as a string.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Format of the rotoballer articles by player.
The name of the data lake store account from which the trusted identity provider will be deleted.
The due date for the project issue.
The name binding allows API services to override the default resource name scheme, such as using `users/*/operations`, by specifying a custom binding like `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` in their service configuration. This enables flexibility in how operations are named and accessed. For backward compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID.
The namespace parameter specifies the unique identifier for the invoice's context or environment.
The parent resource for this access level. Must be in the format: projects/{project_id}/locations/{location_id}
Number of schools to retrieve.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The date for which historic quotes are requested.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property instances related to users.
The requested fabric location
The version of the API to be used for the request.
Removes a replica from a Service Fabric cluster, closing it, transitioning its role to none, and eliminating all associated state information.
Number of disease associations for the variant
API key for accessing BBC Music's popular tracks endpoint
The unique identifier for the device in the fleet.
Returns a list of executions belonging to the workflow with the specified name, including all revisions, ordered by start time in descending order.
Name of the security solution for which security analytics are being performed.
The unique identifier for the account.
The maximum time to wait for the upgrade operation to complete, specified in seconds.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
list issues in a repository. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an _ issue id _. to find out the pull request id, use the " [ list pull requests
The unique identifier for the subscription in the API management service instance.
The site associated with the user's badges.
The unique identifier for the user whose sections are being retrieved.
The response content from the restaurant indicating acceptance or rejection of the claim.
The subject line for the custom verification email template.
The version of the API being used for the request.
An array containing access package resource roles from the identity governance system.
List organization membership resources within a specified organizational unit, where the orgunit acts as the parent. The parent is identified by the format `orgunits/{orgunitid}`, with `{orgunitid}` representing the unique identifier of the organization unit from the Admin SDK.
The language preference for the response, specified as a string.
The code of the jsapp to be deleted.
The name of the namespace for which the IP filter rules are being retrieved.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the workflow to regenerate the secret key for.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters support equality and inequality on the primary field of the resource, along with AND and OR operators. For more information, see Filtering.
The name of the storage sync service to be used for aborting the workflow.
The unique identifier of the workbook's drive item.
Moves the primary replica of a partition of a stateful service, respecting all constraints. If nodename is specified, the primary will be moved to the specified node (if constraints allow it). If nodename is not specified, the primary replica will be moved to a random node in the cluster. If ignoreconstraints is set to true, then primary will be moved without considering constraints.
A list of tags associated with the user's rated songs.
The authorization parameter is used to authenticate and authorize access to the API or service.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, based on the specified property.
Unique identifier for the API request, used for tracking and debugging purposes.
The unique identifier for the target merchant store.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
Retrieve the format from the workbooks as an array.
Deletes a subscription associated with the product.
The unique identifier for the user.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group containing the ExpressRoute circuit.
The namespace of the resource provider.
The API version to use for the request.
A token that specifies the next page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the cloud endpoint to be backed up.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier of the section within the notebook.
filter criteria to determine which metrics to retrieve for the specified partition key range ID and region
Ordering criteria for the devices list.
The API version to use for the request.
resource type: the type of AWS resource to aggregate (e.g., ec2, s3, rds).   account id: the AWS account ID to filter resources by.   region: the AWS region to filter resources by.   resource id: optional; filters results to include only resources with the specified ID.   resource name: optional; filters results to include only resources with the specified custom name.
Expands the product details to include additional information such as category, price, and availability.
A string representing the category.
The maximum time in seconds to wait for the upgrade operation to complete before timing out.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The parameter describes the actual data payload sent from the API to CRM, specifically for post operations, and is always included.
The name of the resource group.
Name of the authorization rule for the namespace
The name of the network watcher resource.
Number of items to skip in the result set.
Specifies the field by which to sort the list of communities.
Specifies the maximum number of assessment reports to return.
The name of the API Management service instance.
The timestamp indicating the starting point for listing public keys.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the policy states at the subscription level for a specific policy assignment.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The event ID associated with the navigation property to multivalue extended properties for groups.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the deploy key.
The label name associated with the keyword lease configuration.
uploads a file to a create custom object bulk job. only one file is allowed per job. the job must be in `pending` status when you upload the file to it. the job will start creating records once the upload is finished. only the users that have the
The region associated with the bunq API service, used to direct OAuth client callback URLs to the correct geographical instance.
The unique identifier for the access token that needs its secret key reset.
The unique identifier of the event to delete from the calendar view of a group.
The name of the peering associated with the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the inbound SAML configuration in the identity toolkit project.
The unique identifier for the merchant.
The name of the resource group to be created.
Updates an existing model with the specified resolution.
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
Search for entries related to boulder rental housing based on the license expiration date.
Whether to watch for changes to the objects.
list all workflow runs for a workflow. you can replace `workflow_id` with the workflow file name. for example, you could use `main.yaml`. you can use parameters to narrow the list of results. for more information about using parameters, see [parameters](https://docs.github.com/enterprise-server@3.1/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#parameters). anyone with read access to the repository can use this endpoint
Maximum latitude value for the search query.
The identifier of the HSM client certificate to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the group from which tasks are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the backup schedule group to create or update.
The parameter 'newsort' is of type number and is used to specify the sorting order for the returned facility objects.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the subresources to include in the response, such as affinity ID, execution information, and node information, which refer to the primary task for multi-instance tasks. Use the list subtasks API to retrieve detailed information about subtasks.
Specifies the data source to use for retrieving the character's medals.
The resource name of the manufacturer center account.
The name of the cache security group to delete.
composes an email message to multiple destinations. the message body is created using an email template. in order to send email using the sendbulktemplatedemail operation, your call to the api must meet the following requirements : the call must refer to an existing email template. you can
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Intune branding profile.
The version of the API to use for initiating troubleshooting on the specified resource.
The unique identifier of the term in the term store.
An array of sectiongroups to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the geofence being stored or updated.
The unique identifier of the event frame, used for direct access when available.
Specifies whether to include the count of matching resources in the response.
The name of the express route circuit from which the authorization will be deleted.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
Limits the number of trending shows returned.
The name of the dealer.
The project ID for this request.
The parameter describes the state of the voice of the merchant, represented as a string.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The period parameter specifies the time range for retrieving email activity user details.
The unique identifier for the messagerule navigation property to be deleted.
The authorization parameter specifies the authentication method or token required to access the service provider configurations.
The unique identifier for the customer whose orders are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A string representing the checksum used to verify the integrity of the shared rules object.
The integer value representing the agent number to copy the variable store from.
The name of the virtual network route to create or update.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve an array of skills associated with users.
The project identifier for the instance metadata.
The name of the resource group for which public IP addresses are being retrieved.
The navigation property 'sections' in the 'users' entity that is being updated.
Search for entries in the boulder county voter details database by precinct code.
Returns a list of available payment methods and specifies the required shopper input details for each method.
The unique identifier for the report.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
returns genes associated to a go term
retrieves a vector data tile from the map resource. map tiles are used by clients to render a map. they're addressed using a grid arrangement with an x coordinate, y coordinate, and z ( zoom ) level. the origin ( 0, 0 ) is the top left of the map. increasing the zoom level by 1 doubles both the x and y dimensions, so a tile containing data for the entire world at ( 0 / 0 / 0 ) will be split into 4 tiles at zoom 1 ( 1 / 0 / 0, 1 / 0 / 1
The authorization token or credentials required to authenticate and authorize the deletion of the specified journal instruction.
A list of floodlight activity group IDs to filter the results.
Filter to apply on the policy assignments.
retrieves a list of items that match the criteria specified in the query.
number of jobs to skip before starting to return results
The number of results to return per page.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property buckets for groups.
The instance identifier for which the client certificates will be deleted and a new server SSL certificate will be generated.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies caching behavior for attachment notes.
used to manage text notes
The number of URLs discovered in sitemaps that fall outside the defined crawl boundaries, such as disallowed domains, subdomains, or protocols (HTTP/HTTPS).
The parameter 'listitem - id' is a string that represents the identifier of the list item whose navigation property analytics reference needs to be updated within the sites.
The name of the schema containing the managed database columns.
The description for the parameter `columndefinition - id` of type `string` in the context of deleting navigation property columns for a drive is:   A unique identifier for the column definition being deleted.
The API key used for authentication when deleting an opportunity product.
The identifier for the item activity.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
The number of accounts retrieved from the users.
The unique identifier of the user to which the navigation property is being created.
limits the number of results returned in a single call
The unique identifier for the sandbox environment.
Gets the health state of a service fabric application, filtering health events based on specified health states and overriding cluster health policies.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the workflow trigger.
A string token used to search for messages that match a specific query.
The unique identifier of the item activity to be updated.
The unique identifier of the workflow run.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the disk type to be retrieved. Use with the list() request to get a list of available disk types.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used for the operation to update an invoice section.
unique identifier for the superfund product
The navigation property 'pages' in groups that contains the specified OneNote page by its ID.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the attribute mapping function schema.
The name of the resource group containing the assessed machine.
word usage over time
The bucket key used to identify the test's environments.
The name of the lab.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart series.
The name of the resource group.
The version of the API being used for updating the source control configuration.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The parameter $expand specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper data retrieval.
The name parameter specifies the unique identifier for the new hybrid connection.
The identifier for the threat assessment request to be updated within the information protection context.
The name of the resource group associated with the service instance.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the OS reinstallation process to complete.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the set in the term store.
The name of the workspace where the experiment is located.
An array of device details to be expanded in the response.
The date associated with the OCP (Oracle Cloud Platform) pool, representing when the pool was created or last updated.
The name of the resource group that contains the route filter.
The name of the processor to enable.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The primary and secondary connection strings used to establish communication with the WCF relay service.
Specifies the action to be performed, typically used to define the operation context for the query.
The unique identifier for the global replication group.
The unique identifier for the composite entity.
Sorts the trades in reverse creation order.
The name of the virtual network to retrieve.
The name of the encryption protector to be updated.
The start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the finspace environment.
The name of the resource group.
search query to find instances belonging to the user
Filter to apply on the remediations.
The name of the managed zone to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
API key for authentication between API and CRM system.
Specifies whether to delete the indexer only if its ETag matches the provided value. If the ETag does not match, the deletion will fail.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A unique identifier that enables the client to track the request.
Specifies the action to take for decoding a frame of interest from the DICOM instance, typically indicating whether to accept or process the frame.
An array of worksheet objects to be expanded in the response.
Retrieve a list of permission grant policies from the policies.
The version of the API being used to create or update the database.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Unique identifier for the call to be put on hold.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT hub.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property filesfolder in teams.
The unique identifier for the message to be forwarded.
The ZIP code used to filter facilities or clusters based on location.
The name of the resource group.
The page number for pagination, starting from 1.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
The end time to filter past recommendations.
The name of the association to create or update.
parameter description: string value used to filter facilities or clusters based on specified search criteria
The name of the resource group for the managed cluster.
passes transformed objects to a getobject operation when using object lambda access points. supports metadata that can be returned by getobject, including requestroute, requesttoken, statuscode, errorcode, and errormessage. enables the writegetobjectresponse caller, typically a Lambda function, to provide the same metadata when internally invoking.
The name of the account to which the invitation is being sent.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the device management template.
The unique identifier for the vendor to be deleted from the financials navigation property.
The page number for pagination, starting from 1.
A unique token used to identify the client request and ensure idempotency.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of code coverage reports to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the product.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the payroll tax return.
The unique identifier for the workbook table to be cleared.
The date and time that the resource was last modified.
The version of the API being used for the synchronization status request.
The name of the network security group.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The number of imports to return per page.
Name of the distribution group to which apps will be added.
The number of entities to skip in the result set.
The name of the resource group.
The start datetime for the interval to retrieve activities.
The geojson representation of the facilities corresponding to the provided qid.
The unique identifier of the subscription associated with the application gateway.
The name of the load balancer.
Retrieve section groups from the provided groups, returning them as an array.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property attachments to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
Lists all channel 4od most popular brands for the given category within the last 7 days, in order of popularity.
The API version to be used for the request.
The name of the namespace for which the messaging plan is being created or updated.
The parameter describes the identifier for the sales quote used to update the navigation property 'shipmentmethod' in the financials context.
Specifies the maximum number of registration tokens to return.
The name of the resource group that contains the app.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage to be copied.
modify a setting for an amazon aurora db cluster. you can change one or more database configuration parameters by specifying these parameters and the new values in the request. for more information on amazon aurora, see what is amazon aurora? in the amazon aurora user guide. this action only applies to aurora
The subscription ID associated with the IoT hub.
The date when the entry was last changed.
The developer token used for authentication with the ClearBlade platform.
token for pagination
The unique identifier of the drive item.
Specifies the fields to include in the response for the child tags.
The name of the cluster where the service fabric service resource is located.
description of the bugzilla service for the project
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the number of calendar views to return.
The parent resource name for which ad units are listed, in the format 'accounts/{account_id}/adclients/{ad_client_id}'.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'sharedinsight - id' is a string type used to identify the shared insight for which the commit action is being invoked.
End date for filtering updated images (deprecated; use `get /v2/editorial/images/updated` instead)
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The unique identifier of the comment.
The name of the resource group that contains the storage account.
Specifies caching behavior for the request, controlling how and for how long responses are cached.
The unique identifier for the template used in the comparison function.
The unique identifier for the management partner to be deleted.
Specifies whether the secret should be read exactly as provided.
The name of the event subscription to create or update.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property line associated with workbooks.
The parameter describes a trace span identifier used in the Telegraf configuration for tracing purposes.
The name of the authorization rule for the hybrid connection.
Number of days since the dealer's inventory was first seen at the MC.
The current state of the detector.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The unique identifier of the driveItem associated with the workbook.
The unique identifier for the site from which content types are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the onenotepage, which is used to retrieve its parent section within the sites context.
The name of the resource group where the server is located.
The text to search for within trivia entries.
filter parameter to specify the source store for listing annotation stores in the given dataset
Specifies the criteria to filter policy activities on Google Cloud resources.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group associated with the service instance.
The parameter 'agentnum' is an integer that represents the identifier of the variable to be deleted.
The parameter description is: The API version string used to insert a new tag on the RTI transaction.
The region parameter specifies the geographical region where the router resource is located.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the resource group.
Returns a paginated list of dashboards with optional filtering by specific attributes such as name. When multiple attributes are provided, only dashboards matching all specified attributes are returned.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, based on the specified property.
An array of connected organizations retrieved from the identity governance system.
The version of the API being used to retrieve the external data source.
The version of the API being used for deleting the backup configuration of an app.
The number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
Specifies whether the output should be formatted in a pretty-printed (human-readable) style.
The unique identifier of the notebook to be deleted.
timeout in seconds
The name of the resource group that contains the authorization server instance to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user whose child folders are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Windows Information Protection wipe action.
The name of the laboratory or lab associated with the user profile.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the web job.
The unique identifier for the video being checked within the category.
The name of the virtual WAN to which the P2S VPN server configuration will be associated.
patches the specified firewall policy with the data included in the request
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The owner of the issue from which all labels will be removed.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The API key used for authentication, which is a string value.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the commit comment.
The unique identifier for the notebook associated with the user's navigation property pages.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to retrieve its parent section group.
The unique identifier for tracking the feature in Zuora.
Specifies the string to search for within intent names. If provided, returns the latest version of all intents that contain this string. If not provided, returns information about the latest version of all intents.
Retrieve multiple extended properties from the current user's data.
The unique identifier for the queue message.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The unique identifier for the invitation entity whose navigation property 'inviteduser' is to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment.
The unique identifier (ID) for the managed device mobile app configuration.
The unique identifier for the access package resource being updated in the navigation property.
An array of sources to use for generating alternate domain name suggestions, such as the seed domain, keywords, or shopper's purchase history.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified groups.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The unique identifier for the project to be edited.
The name of the target group.
The name of the lexicon to retrieve.
The configuration includes the service URI and any custom headers set for the webhook.
The version of the API being used for the repair operation.
Top-left coordinate for the category search area
Start time of the specified time interval in string format.
Specifies the number of results per page (pagination).
The page number for the list of organization members.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the tenant access information.
search query for filtering classify text jobs
The name of the iSCSI server.
The name of the entity to disassociate from the BizTalk hybrid connection.
The unique identifier for the relation to be deleted from the navigation property set in the termstore.
The unique identifier for the API.
The name of the hybrid connection to be created.
The name of the site for which the zip archived docker log files are to be retrieved.
The zone in which the instance is located.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
Retrieve an array of chats associated with users.
Lists datasets for an identity. Each identity has access only to its own data when using Amazon Cognito Sync. The credentials used must have access to the identity's data. This operation can be performed using either temporary user credentials provided by Cognito Identity or developer credentials.
The range of miles per gallon (MPG) for active inventory dealers in a specific city.
The condition to match for deleting the navigation property parentsectiongroup.
The name of the workflow to cancel.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the custodian associated with the navigation property sitesources in the compliance context.
The number of users to retrieve.
The name of the network interface for which IP configurations are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the specific insight whose metadata you want to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The ID of the section group to copy to.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The name of the syncgroup to retrieve.
The version of the API used for the request.
Indicates whether the route directions should be corrected to match the driving side of the road (e.g., right-hand drive or left-hand drive).
The unique identifier for the application.
Indicates whether the query should return a full list of laws and incentives that match the criteria.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The end date for filtering invoices, specified in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DD). If not provided, the default is the current date.
Name of the virtual machine to be captured.
An array of IDs corresponding to the predicted images and their associated prediction results to be deleted.
The parameter description is: The API version to be used for retrieving the integration runtime monitoring data.
The API version identifier used to retrieve the property details.
Enables a job schedule.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The name of the billing account associated with the webdirect or EA Azure subscription.
The name of the live event being created.
The name of the load balancer.
The number of custom resource definitions to delete.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the starting point for the list of user collections, used for pagination.
The ID of the notebook to delete the parent section navigation property for.
The name of the authorization rule to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the onenotesection.
The name of the billing account for which role assignments are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Maximum width for the user profile image.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The model of the listing, which can be used, handmade, or brand new.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property fill in workbooks.
The name of the resource group where the Redis cache is located.
Specifies the maximum number of individual assessments to return in a single page of results.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified OneNote page, identified by the given ID, is updated.
The name of the enterprise channel resource.
The version of the API being used.
lists all instances in the managed instance group, each with a current action indicating the ongoing operation (e.g., creating, restarting).
The unique identifier for the employee secret to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the employee associated with the pay instruction.
search query for filtering rolescope tags in devicemanagement
Indicates whether the lead should be created as raw data without additional processing.
Marks the entity as deleted in the system, preventing further operations or general queries by the customer. If another customer relies on this data, it remains available to them in a partially anonymized form. The entity and its related data are fully deleted from the database only when there are no more references to it (i.e., deleted by all customers relying on it) and 12 months have passed.
The `bounding_poly` field is optional. If not specified, the system will attempt to detect regions of interest in the image that are compatible with the product category on the parent product.
The unique identifier for the recipient whose document visibility information is being retrieved.
Indicates whether to include the current program information for live TV channels.
The date and time when the authentication was performed, in ISO 8601 format.
The ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the navigation property pages.
The content type ID to associate with hub sites.
Returns frequencies of n-grams of sizes 1 to 4, counting occurrences per case-sensitive word or sequence of words in the corpus.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
generates the specified map
Specifies the time range for which statistics about all datapoints of the customer are to be retrieved.
The version of the gallery application to be deleted.
The name of the assembly artifact to be deleted.
Creates a new navigation property linked to instances using the event ID as a string identifier.
The API version for the operation.
The unique identifier for the application.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the load balancer to be detached from the network.
Retrieve a list of contacts associated with the current user.
Filter to apply on the role assignments.
The name of the resource group that contains the API operation policy.
The subnet ID for which CIDR reservations information is being retrieved.
The condition to match for deleting the navigation property photo.
The unique identifier of the group that contains the term store.
The parameter describes the authentication token used for client authentication in the bunq API.
Retrieves a list of all payroll period data for all active employments within a specified payroll period and payroll administration. Payroll period data is associated with a single payroll period.
An array of events related to the user, expanded to include additional details.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the service fabric application resource to be deleted.
Filter systems based on the last evaluation status for the given advisory.
The report type for which columns are to be listed.
Retrieve a list of tasks assigned to the current user.
The identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the user.
Filters the access package resources based on specified criteria.
The number of results to return per page.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of records to skip for the current result set.
Retrieve a list of channels associated with teams.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the maximum number of user rights to retrieve.
The location of the alert state change.
The name of the resource group containing the kusto database.
The 'before' parameter is a string that specifies a timestamp or identifier used to retrieve card actions that occurred before this point in time.
The provider parameter specifies the application provider to be unlinked from the account.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
List of fax applications configured for sending and receiving faxes via the Programmable Fax API.
The location where the virtual machine extension images are available.
The name of the resource group.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the location rules retrieval was successful.
A search query parameter used to filter products. The value should be a string representing the search term.
The unique identifier for the user to establish a navigation relationship with pages.
The unique identifier for the segment to be updated in the communications navigation property.
Specifies the encoding format for the preview of the order invoice when using custom design settings.
The unique identifier for a committee or filer, used to retrieve the most recent information about it.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving instances from me
list of wiki pages on a node
The navigation property 'carttoclassassociation' with the specified ID is to be deleted from the 'devicemanagement' entity.
The unique identifier of the backend to be deleted.
Gets a single check run using its `id`.
Deletes the specified file or directory from the file system. This operation supports conditional HTTP requests, allowing you to specify headers such as `If-Match`, `If-None-Match`, `If-Modified-Since`, and `If-Unmodified-Since` to control the deletion based on specific conditions. For more details, refer to [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specify-conditional-headers-for-blob-service-operations).
The unique identifier for the agreement whose navigation property files are to be updated.
Retrieve an array of sections from the specified sites.
Creates a new navigation property named 'plannerplan' of type 'string' to link to buckets.
An array containing various information about the user who posted the tweet.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter specifies the search criteria for retrieving facilities or clusters.
Indicates whether the payee information is sensitive.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property instances to be deleted.
Amazon SP AWS role ARN to be updated in the api2cart database
The unique identifier of the plannerPlan associated with the group.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the Network Watcher instance.
A string query to filter portfolios belonging to a user.
Maximum number of instance groups to return.
An array containing the languages associated with the user.
The milestone number to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be disabled.
Specifies the number of entities to skip before starting to return results.
The name of the resource group containing the VPN sites configurations.
The metrics to be retrieved from the view (profile).
The ETag value to be used for conditional requests.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be patched.
The unique identifier for the tagpath to be removed.
validate account reference number and care context reference number   validate transactionid in the request with discovery request entry to check whether there was a discovery and were these care contexts discovered or not for a given patient   before eventual link confirmation, hip needs to authenticate the request with the patient (eg: otp verification)   hip should communicate the mode of authentication of a
API key used to authenticate the request for checking if a brand or series entity is in a user's follows.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group where the Azure Cosmos DB account is located.
queries policy events for the resources under the subscription
The unique identifier for the event associated with the dismiss reminder action.
Unique identifier for a client request, used to manage text notes.
The version of the API being used.
Name of the resource group to list nodes for.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the external connection.
An array of tag IDs to be associated with the uploaded content.
The version of the API being used.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
format of the schedule
The name of the resource group where the batch account is located.
The unique identifier for the project column.
The name of the resource to be deleted or removed.
The version of the API associated with the runbook.
The direction of the followers (e.g., ascending or descending order).
Retrieve an array of sections associated with users.
The version of the API being used.
The number of scripts installed to the storefront.
Specifies the property to sort the results by.
The navigation property axes in workbooks to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The end date of the time frame for which the stream processing time is calculated.
The version of the API to use for this operation.
Specifies the field(s) to sort the results by.
The date of the task file to be deleted from the compute node.
The type of the traffic manager endpoint.
The number of records to skip.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the maximum number of pictures to retrieve from the financials.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'expand' is used to specify additional data to include in the response, such as related entities or nested properties.
Groups the datasets by a specified field, enabling aggregation and categorization of data based on that field.
The unique identifier of the site.
Specifies the interval (in milliseconds) at which the timer script should be executed.
The unique identifier for the phone number with messaging settings.
The singlevaluelegacyextendedproperty - id parameter is used to retrieve a specific extended property value by its unique identifier.
The Google Cloud project ID.
Creates a new navigation property to multivalue extended properties for users with the specified contact folder ID.
The parameter $select specifies the fields to include in the response, typically used to filter or limit the data returned by the API.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
The name of the resource group.
The digest of the signing basket object.
The unique identifier for the access package catalog.
The region parameter specifies the geographical region for the tab, typically used to identify the location context within the bunq system.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
The name of the gallery image version.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the calendar for which sharing roles are being managed.
The name of the service for which the notification recipient's subscription status is being checked.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The entity for which the default object ACL entry is to be deleted.
Specifies the time period type for retrieving historical statistics.
name of the container to be updated
This parameter describes the configuration or state of dots enabled for each braille character, useful for educational purposes and potentially for driving a non-Braille display that operates on individual dots.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property parentnotebook for users.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies whether to include the labels in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the picture related to financials.
The name of the managed instance key to create or update.
The name of the resource group.
The project identifier.
The scale unit being requested.
The unique identifier for the web table category to be updated.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The end date for the search query, specified as a string in date format.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a workbook chart, used to specify which workbook chart's navigation property title should be deleted.
The version of the API being updated.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group from which to retrieve all virtual networks.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the message.
The parameter 'take' is an integer that specifies the number of extraction phraselist and pattern features to retrieve.
Edit the details of a contact
Authentication token required for API access.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Retrieve a list of calendar entries associated with the user.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve section groups.
Retrieve a list of conversations from specified groups.
The name of the resource group.
The date of the OCP job.
The name of the network watcher to create or update.
The expand parameter is an array that specifies additional details or related data to include in the response.
the parameter that determines the behavior of currently running tasks when a job is being disabled
Patches a rule with the specified priority in the firewall policy.
The unique identifier of the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
A unique identifier used to reference the training session or process.
The AWS account ID associated with the dataset.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, with 'descending' indicating that the data will be sorted from highest to lowest value.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The query parameter is a required field. It is a string in the form `{field}:{term}` or a list of strings, each of the same form. Within each string, `{field}` is a field or extra field on the resource.
The time in milliseconds to wait for a response before timing out.
uploads a part in a multipart upload. you can provide part data directly in the request or specify an existing Amazon S3 object as the data source for the part.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The constraints filter to match workers with specific build requirements.
The unique identifier of the webhook registration to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the app log collection request to be updated.
The name of the certificate action.
The name of the resource group containing the network security rule.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
API version for the request
Deletes the backup configuration for a specified application.
The name of the restore point to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve a list of audit events from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
The OAuth authorizations API, used by integrations to create personal access tokens and OAuth tokens, will be discontinued. You must now create these tokens using the web application flow.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item to be deleted.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response.
The unique identifier for the creative in the studio.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of records to return per page.
Number of endpoints to skip
number of calendar permissions to retrieve
A string representing the authentication token used to authorize the deletion of a reminder.
Returns the payment pages configuration metadata, including page ID, page version, and payment method type.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the billing role assignment for the caller.
A comma-separated list of fields to include in the wireless inventory JSON output.
Deletes a self-hosted runner group for an organization. You must authenticate using an access token with the `admin:org` scope to use this endpoint.
The unique identifier for the subscription under which the device service is being checked.
Specifies whether to include the organization information for each driver in the response.
The name of the owner of the free trial subscription.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The x-bunq-geolocation header is used to specify the geographical location of the user for sandbox environment purposes.
The number of miles to search for districts from the specified location.
The parameter describes the task file to be deleted from the compute node, specified as a string.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Search query string to filter the android device owner enrollment profiles.
The quality parameter specifies the resolution or clarity level of the music genre image to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Ordering criteria for the extensions retrieved from users.
The name of the server for which the firewall rule is to be deleted.
Specifies the field to order the results by.
The version of the API being used for updating tenant access information details.
The unique identifier for the managed device mobile app configuration.
indicates whether to validate the request without actually creating the launch template
Description of the metadata field entry to be searched.
The number of items to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the group to retrieve the parent notebook for.
Retrieve a list of device management troubleshooting events associated with the current user.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the route table to create or update.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
A unique identifier for the request. This field is used to ensure idempotency of the request.
The name of the certificate to retrieve.
creates a new Amazon Aurora DB cluster. You can use the replicationSourceIdentifier parameter to create the DB cluster as a read replica of another DB cluster or an Amazon RDS MySQL or PostgreSQL DB instance. For cross-region replication where the source DB cluster is in a different AWS Region, specify the ARN of the source DB cluster.
A unique identifier for a transaction.
restores the state of a stateful persisted partition using the specified backup point. in case the partition is already being periodically backed up, then by default the backup point is looked for in the storage specified in backup policy. one can also override the same by specifying the backup storage details as part of the restore partition description in body. once the restore is initiated, its progress can
The API version to use for the request.
The number of instances to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the machine learning team account to be deleted.
The page number for the list of bookmarked items.
IP address of the organization's devices.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The name of the resource group.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response.
The unique identifier of the gist to be unstarred.
The name of the resource group that contains the media services account.
number of records to skip
The version of the API used to retrieve the service fabric service resource.
Number of records to skip for the result set.
The unique identifier for the Google Analytics view (profile).
team name
The unique identifier for the education assignment.
Indicates whether the API is related to team cadence, returning a boolean value.
Token used to authenticate the request.
The branch parameter specifies the name of the branch to be protected.
Number of pages to skip
The unique identifier of the EFS resource (file system or access point) to which the tag will be applied.
The maximum number of regions to return per page.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' for the onenotepage with the specified ID will be deleted.
The name of the profile to be deleted.
The identifier for the site to delete the parent notebook navigation property from.
The unique identifier for the superfund to be updated.
Token used for authentication.
The unique identifier of the profile.
This API retrieves a list of currently active auction cars from the market based on specified search criteria. The results are paginated, with a maximum limit of 5000 rows per request. It supports the following use cases:   1. Search for cars within a specific geographic area (point and radius).   2. Search for cars by year, make, model, or any combination of these filters.   3. Search for cars matching multiple combinations of year, make, and model.
The project associated with the node groups.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
Number of sections to skip
The name of the topic for which the subscription description is being retrieved.
The version of the API being used to retrieve user information from the directory.
List of instances to include in the response, specified as a comma-separated list of fields or relationships.
Retrieve section groups associated with specific sites.
The partner ID array is used to filter or identify specific partners within the people feed, enabling targeted searches for contributors associated with particular partners.
The unique identifier for the document.
The hotel identifier for which the rates are requested.   The channel code that defines the access control configuration for the rates to be returned.   A calendar range specifying the date period for which the daily rates are needed.   Optional rate plan codes to limit the results to specific rate plans.
The username for the account level variable.
A string representing a cursor for navigating through file information.
creates an EBS volume that can be attached to an instance in the same availability zone. You can create a new empty volume or restore a volume from an EBS snapshot. Any Amazon Web Services Marketplace product codes from the snapshot are propagated to the volume. You can create encrypted volumes. Encrypted volumes must be attached to instances that support Amazon EBS encryption. Volumes that are created from encrypted snapshots are also automatically encrypted. For more information, see Amazon EBS encryption in the AWS documentation.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the manager responsible for the file server backup operation.
The name of the resource group that contains the managed instance.
The unique identifier for the user.
Retrieve a list of tasks assigned to the user.
Specifies the route table to be retrieved.
Retrieve an array of names from the provided data.
The name of the container registry to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API to be used for deleting the application.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the team whose schedule navigation property is to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Windows Autopilot device identity.
Deletes multiple attachments on a given beacon. If `namespacedtype` is not specified, all attachments on the beacon will be deleted. Use `*/*` to delete all attachments. This operation is permanent and cannot be undone.
The parameter describes a search query used to retrieve the reference of column positions from shares.
The unique identifier for the branch associated with the sales properties being searched.
The version of the API being used for querying the status of a running packet capture session.
reasons for transcoding the video stream
The version of the API being used.
The name of the streaming job to be deleted.
Ordering criterion for retrieving teacher references from the education data.
The unique identifier for the device shell script.
Creates an authorisation sub-resource and initiates the cancellation authorisation process for the specified payment. May include authentication and authorisation data. Used iteratively in corporate environments for multi-factor SCA, with each iteration creating a dedicated authorisation endpoint per PSU involved in the cancellation approval. ASPSP may optionally disable this method's use.
The page number for the pagination of the response.
Specifies whether to include the count of resources in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
Lists all cloud recordings for a user, including details such as recording ID, meeting ID, topic, start time, and duration.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the budget to be deleted.
The name of the operation to cancel.
The name of the resource group.
The type of resource to check for existence.
transaction ID associated with the OTP sent via the send SMS verification API
Retrieves a single value legacy extended property by ID from the user's profile.
The navigation property 'pages' associated with the specified 'onenotesection' identified by the given 'id' will be deleted.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
Creates a new navigation property linked to instances using the event ID as a string identifier.
The version of the API to use for this request.
The API version to check for deployment existence.
lists all managed policies available in your account, including customer-defined and AWS-managed policies. Optionally filter results using onlyattached, scope, and pathprefix parameters.
The name of the PostgreSQL server key to be deleted.
The UTC timestamp when the container instance event started.
The unique identifier of the conversation.
Retrieve rows from workbooks using the specified selection criteria.
The identifier for the access package assignment to be updated within the identity governance navigation property.
The unique identifier for the access package resource to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the network security rule.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A unique identifier for the web-based analysis type.
The version of the traffic policy to retrieve.
The order in which smart groups are sorted.
The name of the original trigger to list rerun triggers for.
A unique identifier for the custom list.
The number of user data mappings to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the certificate used in backend authentication.
number of items to skip before starting to collect the result set
The file suffix to search for in the DICOM file entries.
The name of the API version.
The version of the API endpoint being recalled.
The unique identifier for the review being submitted.
The type of resource to be exported.
The unique identifier of the content definition attribute to be removed.
Removes the specified outbound (egress) rules from a security group for EC2-VPC. This action does not apply to security groups for use in EC2-Classical. You can specify rules using either rule IDs or security group rule properties. If you use rule properties, the values that you specify (for example, ports) must match the existing rule's values exactly. Each rule has a protocol, from and to ports, and destination (CIDR range, security group, or prefix list).
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
Number of top operations to retrieve from sites.
The IP address of the device to search for.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The ID of the user profile.
enable or disable IPMI traffic tracing for the agent
Retrieve an array of device enrollment configurations associated with users.
The tags to filter the questions by.
Indicates whether dynamic click tracking is enabled.
The username of the user to be updated.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Search query for entries of type dataset, specifically filtering by project, dataset, and data level.
The name of the resource group where the express route circuits are located.
Specifies the resource name of the operation to list. Supports custom resource name schemes via binding overrides, such as `users/*/operations`. If not overridden, defaults to including the operations collection ID.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the policy, excluding the rules. Use per-rule methods like addrule, patchrule, and removerule for modifying policy rules.
The name of the security alert policy for the server.
The unique identifier for the version of the application from which patterns are retrieved.
The parameter 'managername' is a string that represents the name of the manager responsible for the device.
The unique identifier of the user.
The name of the managed node group associated with the Amazon EKS cluster update.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The maximum number of versions to retrieve from the workbooks.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the storage account.
expand: array of sections to include in the response
The domain name to verify for Windows enrollment auto-discovery.
The name of the registration under which the new customer subscription is created.
The project name to which the rules will be copied.
The NAICS code used to filter or identify the type of business or industry associated with the cases being searched.
The region where the persistent regional disk will be created.
Bearer token used for authenticating the request.
The maximum number of events to delete from the collection.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The unique identifier of the resource to subscribe to.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The navigation property sections in users that needs to be updated, identified by the onenotepage ID.
The page number to retrieve, starting from 1.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The qualifier of the statement to be revoked.
The name of the cache subnet group to be created.
The name of the database in Azure Cosmos DB MongoDB API.
Specifies whether the video stream should break on non-key frames.
A search query string used to filter enterprise code signing certificates retrieved from the device app management system.
The unique identifier of the group to delete the navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties from.
Minimum latitude value for filtering boulder consulting services database entries.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the user to be deleted.
The version of the API to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the workspace where the artifact is stored.
The period for which the peer-to-peer activity counts are retrieved.
The name of the container registry from which the replication will be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource to list filesystems and their properties for.
An array of base values extracted from the sites.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property assignments are to be updated.
The number of steps required to unlock the achievement, which must be greater than or equal to the current steps already earned by the player.
The datasource parameter specifies the source of the data to be retrieved, typically indicating a particular data feed or system integration.
The name of the application to which the user's invitation is being removed.
The baseline values for a resource
Deletes the DSC node configurations based on the specified node configuration name.
label of the conference participants
An array of organization types to filter the results by.
Start date for searching entries, formatted as a string.
The unique identifier for the chat from which replies are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the stat to be used in the leaderboard query.
Retrieve group assignments from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region where the managed instance group is located.
Indicates that the episode must be published to be included in the results.
The parameter describes a unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to establish a navigation relationship to sections within a site.
List of template IDs to retrieve, optionally filtered by a specific folder.
The unique identifier for the channel on which the operation will be applied to every product.
The unique identifier of the user.
returns one or more snapshot objects, which contain metadata about your cluster snapshots. by default, this operation returns information about all snapshots of all clusters that are owned by your amazon web services account. no information is returned for snapshots owned by inactive amazon web services accounts. if you specify both tag keys and tag
The identifier of the group for which the entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
The parameter 'q' is a string used to search within pips entities.
An array of sections to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group that contains the cluster to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the API integration app.
The recorder identifier for the SDHC device.
page number of the results to return
The start date for filtering cases, specified as a string in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or nested information.
limits the number of latest gws returned per wine/vintage
used to manage text notes
number of players to return per page
The name of the resource group.
A token that specifies the page of results to return.
The name of the resource group.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
The taxon parameter specifies the organism(s) associated with the publication, used to filter diseases linked to that particular species or taxa.
The name of the resource group where the storage account is located.
Returns schedules for a defined set of channels over a requested period, with schedules delivered in hourly blocks and grouped by channel. The request specifies the channels, date, start hour, and duration in hours. The date and hour together form a complete datetime, which must be properly converted to ensure accurate scheduling data retrieval.
Searches for video content on Bing and retrieves insights such as related videos.
search query to retrieve methods associated with users
Indicates the PSU's acceptance of the consent request, confirming their authorization to proceed with the account access.
The navigation property line for workbooks to be deleted.
An array of fields to include in the response, which can be used to expand related data.
The value to be assigned to the existing tag.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The travel time overlay associated with the scenario title.
The number of items to return per page in the response.
The unique identifier for the contact folder.
filter parameter to specify the billing profile name for listing transactions within the given date range
The name of the certificate authority resource.
The URL contained in the 'operation-location' field that you must use to retrieve the result of the handwritten text recognition operation.
A string query to search across all food content including recipes, grocery products, menu items, ingredients, and food videos.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for groups. The `id` parameter is a string that uniquely identifies the extended property.
The version of the API to use.
The unique identifier for the city to calculate the distance from.
Search query to retrieve pages from the user.
Retrieve the default pages configured within the identity system.
The region where the cluster is located.
The page parameter specifies the current page number for the paginated results.
The unique identifier for the channel from which comments are retrieved.
The number of assignments to retrieve from device management.
used to manage attachment notes
A token to resume pagination from a previous request.
A unique identifier for the request, used to track and manage client-side operations.
The name of the vault containing the secret.
Specifies whether to include the postage label in the output. If set to true, the postage label will be included when generating the document.
The unique identifier for the managed eBook.
The unique identifier for the job.
Specifies the country for which disability insurance policy types are to be retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
payment parameters such as amount, country, and currency, along with other required input details collected from the shopper
The version of the API being used.
The season for which the fantasy defense statistics are recorded.
The unique identifier of the Client VPN endpoint from which the ingress authorization rule will be removed.
Specifies the continuation token for pagination, used to retrieve the next set of results in a collection of controller revisions.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the workbookchart entity, used to specify which navigation property line to delete within workbooks.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
A token used to paginate through the list of IP addresses from which checkers are running.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The agent for which test coverage is being calculated.
The name of the resource group.
Enables automatic copying of the stream during HLS playlist generation.
The name of the app.
The number of members in the groups.
The version of the API to be created or updated.
The name of the front door for which the rules engine configurations are listed.
Number of items to return per page
The date when the gsd sounding entry was created.
Authentication token required to authorize the request.
The name of the resource group associated with the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
lists all managed policies available in your account, including customer-defined and AWS-managed policies.
The expand parameter specifies the related entities to include in the response, enabling deeper data retrieval.
number of pages to retrieve from the groups
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The scope of the blueprint assignment.
The version number of the report.
The name binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `/v1/{name=users/*}/operations` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection ID, however overriding users is supported.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property names are to be deleted.
The name of the server for which elastic pool metrics are recommended.
The database name for which the sensitivity label of a column is being retrieved.
The 'expand' parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network peering.
The unique identifier for the access package resource to be updated in the identity governance system.
The name of the resource group where the integration account partner is located.
The name of the Azure resource group that contains the cognitive search service.
The unique identifier for the image to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The user agent string used to identify the user's device or application.
The unique identifier for the user whose buckets are being retrieved.
The name of the resource group containing the search service.
Disables the report cache, which may affect the retrieval of updated price and quantity information for a specific product.
width of the item's image
Specifies whether to include additional data in the response based on the feed key.
Gets the health information about a service package for a specific application deployed on a Service Fabric node, using the specified policy. Optionally filters health events based on health state using `eventshealthstatefilter`, and allows overriding health policies with `applicationhealthpolicy`. This API is limited to evaluating health state of the deployed service package.
The name of the resource to be purged (force deleted) in the Azure Site Recovery fabric.
The unique identifier for the unified role assignment multiple entity.
Specifies the pages to be retrieved from the sites, allowing for expanded data retrieval.
Indicates whether the order is marked as deleted.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of ingress collections that can be deleted at once.
The name of the resource group where the API Management service instance is located.
The name of the deployment to be canceled.
The parent resource identifier, which specifies the location where the resource file will be updated.
The unique identifier for the retention policy assignment.
A string representing a barcode for lookup.
The unique identifier for the project to be ignored.
Retrieves the tabs associated with a specific team identified by the team ID.
The ID of the user profile.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Metadata for the long-running operation that tracks the progress and status of the asynchronous image detection and annotation process.
The unique identifier for the certificate, typically a hash of its public key.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
Unique identifier for the player
retrieves the list of licenses available in the specified project. this method does not get any licenses that belong to other projects, including licenses attached to publicly - available images, like debian 9. if you want to get a list of publicly - available licenses, use this method to make a request to the respective image project, such as debian - cloud or windows - cloud. * caution * this resource is intended for use only
Description of the search entries for the type "esri gp server".
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified site identified by 'id1' will be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the storage account for which SAS credentials are to be listed.
The version of the API being used for exporting data from Redis cache to blobs in a container.
This operation is only available if you have the invoice settlement feature enabled.
Enables the MPEG-TS to M2TS mode for video streaming.
The slot parameter specifies the premier add-ons of an app.
The identifier for the list item associated with the drive item in the shares.
callback parameter is used to specify a callback function name for handling the response data related to facility NAICS codes in the detailed facility report.
Specifies whether the response should include partial success results, allowing the operation to continue even if some requests fail.
The team parameter is used to specify the team for which play data and results are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the booking business entity to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies the ETag value to compare against the current ETag of the task file. If the ETag has not been modified since the specified value, the request will return a 304 Not Modified response.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the exception occurrence.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The zone for the managed instance group.
The navigation property to be updated, representing the workbook chart point ID.
The parent resource where the service will be created, specified in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The unique identifier for the user whose section groups are being retrieved.
The number of entities to retrieve.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified section group with the given ID will be deleted.
The timeout value in seconds for the operation.
The unique identifier for the permission.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
list of VPC security group IDs to associate with the cluster
The unique identifier of the section group to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the teams app definition.
The unique identifier for the on-demand page from which the video will be removed.
Specifies whether to include a count of the table types in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the group whose information is being retrieved.
Whether the search is case-sensitive for chemical structure input.
The signature parameter represents the digital signature used to authenticate the payment initiation's authorisation sub-resource.
The API version to be used for the request.
Specifies whether to return only the values from the used range, excluding formatting and other properties.
The unique identifier for the device management script.
array of calendars retrieved from users
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the fields to be updated in the catalog item, supporting partial updates.
Lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that has been initiated using the initiate multipart upload request, but has not yet been completed or aborted. This action returns at most.
The 'versioncontroloption' parameter specifies the version control system to be used for the project. Valid values are 'git' and 'tfvc'. The 'processtemplateid' parameter specifies the process template to be used for the project. Valid values include '6b724908-ef14-45cf-84f8-768b5384da45' and 'adcc42ab-9882-485e-a3ed-7678f'.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart point to be cleared.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
schedulestart: The start date for the schedule range to filter channels by.   scheduleend: The end date for the schedule range to filter channels by.   scheduleupdatedsince: A timestamp that stores the state of your previous call, used to retrieve only channels updated since that time.
The unique identifier of the event associated with the navigation property attachments for groups.
The Google Cloud project ID or project number.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Adds a worklog to an issue. Time tracking must be enabled in Jira, otherwise this operation returns an error. For more information, see [configuring time tracking](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/qoxkm). This operation can be accessed anonymously. *Permissions required:* **Browse Projects** and **Work on Issues** [Project Permission](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yod)
Specifies the behavior when no match is found for a query or condition.
Retrieve a list of items from the specified drives.
Returns all quote items from the system.
The version of the API to use.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
filter for listing appconnections
The name of the deployment to be deleted.
Specifies the maximum number of datapoints to retrieve for the requested timeframe.
The maximum number of objects to return.
The name of the resource group containing the IoT hub.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the virtual network rule to be deleted.
The region where the managed instance group is located.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
The name of the virtual machine scale set.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The unique identifier for the product option value.
state parameter filters the listings by their current state; specify 'all' to retrieve all listings, including live ones.
The unique identifier for a user.
The region for which the network firewall policies are to be listed.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the domain DNS record that is to be deleted from the navigation property of a domain.
updates the specified task; supports patch semantics
The maximum number of horizontal pod autoscalers that can be deleted at once.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
An array containing connectors retrieved from the print process.
The ID of the calendar group to retrieve multivalue extended properties for.
uploads a file to a create custom object bulk job. only one file is allowed per job. the job must be in ` pending ` status when you upload the file to it. the job will start creating records once the upload is finished. only the users that have the " edit custom objects " permission can upload files to custom object bulk jobs. see [ platform permissions ] ( https : / / knowledgecenter. zuora. com / billing / tenant _ management / a _ administrator _ settings /
The name of the node in the cluster where the code package is deployed.
Token used to skip to the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier of the user whose member objects are to be retrieved.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The navigation property tasks in users that is associated with the specified Outlook task folder ID.
The unique identifier of the card from which labels will be deleted.
The expand parameter specifies additional properties to include in the response.
The repository identifier to which the key will be added.
The name of the managed zone.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual hubs.
The unique identifier of the DICOM series in Orthanc.
The region where the replication operation will be performed.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) for a planner task, which is used to specify the navigation property `buckettaskboardformat` associated with a user.
The version of the API to be used for updating the resource.
Generates a thumbnail image with user-specified dimensions. By default, the service analyzes the image to identify the region of interest (ROI) and creates smart cropping coordinates based on it, which is useful when the desired aspect ratio differs from the input image's aspect ratio. A successful response returns the thumbnail image in binary format; if the request fails, the response includes an error code and a descriptive message indicating the issue.
Lists videos updated within a specified time period for synchronization with content management systems (CMS) or digital asset management (DAM) systems. Use the `interval` parameter for recent updates, or specify `start_date` and `end_date` for custom date ranges.
The list of related resources to include in the response.
The access key used to authenticate and authorize the cancellation of all orders.
Sorts the results by the specified field.
lists all tags descriptions in scope of api. model similar to swagger - tagdescription is defined on api level but tag may be assigned to the operations
The exterior color of the car, which is a string value used as a factor in the ranking algorithm for car listings.
Specifies whether to return the count of access package assignments instead of the assignments themselves.
Enables or disables the total record count in suggestions.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A selector to restrict the list of returned objects by their labels. Defaults to everything.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property worksheet associated with workbooks.
list of all the datapoints associated to the user in this group
The name of the service used to remove an existing user from a group.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB SQL container to create or update.
lists the statuses of the products in your merchant center account
The x-amz-chime-bearer request header is mandatory and must contain the appInstanceUserArn of the user making the API call.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The name of the resource group where the container registry is located.
The entity state (etag) version of the API operation identified by the service name.
used to manage text notes
The number of sections to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the project.
Specifies the maximum number of block details to return.
You can only resize a pool when its allocation state is steady. If the pool is already resizing, the request fails with status code 409. When you resize a pool, the pool's allocation state changes from steady to resizing. You cannot resize pools which are configured for automatic scaling. If you try to do this, the batch service returns an error 409. If you resize a pool downwards, the batch service chooses which nodes to remove.
The unique identifier for the leave policy.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the case relation.
A textual description of the video channel.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the application version.
The device install state identifier used to retrieve the device states from device app management.
The unique identifier for the quorum loss operation whose progress is being queried.
filter to apply on roster plans retrieval based on user references
The name of the resource to be updated.
The name of the load balancer probe.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the devicemanagementintent, used to specify which device management intent's navigation property 'userstates' should be deleted.
The unique identifier for the project.
The version of the API being used.
devicehealthscript - id: string parameter for the rotatefilevaultkey action
The identifier of the workbook named item.
The name of the application type to query for.
The offset parameter specifies the starting point for retrieving the list of supported languages.
Lists issues in a repository. Note that GitHub's REST API v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. Therefore, "issues" endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. You can identify pull requests by the `pull_request` field in the response.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The unique identifier of the base for employment fund calculation to be deleted.
The maximum premiere date for the items to be retrieved.
The list of tag keys to remove from the specified resource.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
number of disease-gene associations returned
used to manage text notes
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified group.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most filters support equality and inequality on the field name, along with wildcards (*). For example, a filter like "name = 'example-*'" matches any resource whose name starts with "example-".
Specifies whether to include all scopes.
The name of the virtual gateway to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the permission to be updated.
The region to be deleted.
The zone for which permissions are being checked.
The hierarchical path used to identify the analysis in the PI Web API.
Lists all versions attached to the specified secret, excluding the SecretString or SecretBinary fields. By default, only versions with at least one staging label in VersionStage are included. Always check the NextToken response parameter when calling list operations, as they may return fewer results than expected, and NextToken can be used to retrieve the next portion of the list.
Specifies whether the video stream should break on non-key frames.
latitude, longitude and radius parameters filter all posts by their location and override the current user's location settings
Saves the state of a running instance to persistent storage, allowing it to be resumed later. No compute costs (cores or RAM) are incurred while suspended, but storage charges apply for saved VM memory and local SSD data. Persistent disks and static IP addresses remain charged during suspension.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be acted upon.
The IP address of the PSU (Payment Service User).
Specifies the page size for the response set.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieves a list of all previously created phone template settings.
The unique identifier for the deploy key.
The name of the resource group where the event hub is located.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
deactivation intent: the intended level of deactivation for the node, such as pause or restart, which determines the extent of the deactivation process.
The version of the API to be used for validating certificate order information.
The version of the API being used for updating alerts status.
returns a list of emails scraped by priority, with emails from top-level pages appearing first. Subsequent calls to the same URL are retrieved from cache (cache flushes every 14 days). Parses various email patterns including 'hello [at] site.com', 'hello [at] site[dot]com', 'hello (at) site.com', 'hello (at) site(dot)com', 'hello @ site.com', and similar variations.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The county FIPS code to filter census tracts by county.
The number of participants to retrieve per page.
The name of the deployment for which operations are to be retrieved.
The name of the web job.
returns a country specification for a given country code
Specifies a filter to narrow down the list of per-instance configurations based on certain criteria.
The name of the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the user whose exception occurrences are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
This feature is only available if you have the Order Metrics feature enabled. As of Zuora Billing release 284, Orders is generally available and the Order Metrics feature is no longer available as a standalone feature. If you are an existing Subscribe and Amend customer, please note the change in availability.
Specifies whether to include the count of items in the response.
Returns the count of provisioning entries from the audit logs.
The secret key used for authenticating with Etsy's shared API.
Indicates whether a negative statutory instrument is recommended for a procedural change.
The name of the pool associated with the snapshot to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
An array of tag path to value mappings used to modify or insert image attributes.
The date from which content has been published, used to filter media items.
The name of the product to retrieve.
The number of items to return per page.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property defaultpages related to identity.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single call.
The name of the resource group.
The singleValueLegacyExtendedProperty ID to be updated.
name of the application to be created
The unique identifier for the employee custom field.
The maximum number of labels to return.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the provisioning service.
Indicates whether to validate the request without actually applying the security group.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the connection monitor to start.
The group parameter specifies the category or collection to which the gridded data file entries belong.
The language parameter specifies the desired language for the response.
Creates or renames a file or directory. By default, the destination is overwritten if it already exists, and any existing lease on the destination is broken. Supports conditional HTTP requests; for details, see [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for-blob-service-operations).
The unique identifier for the service.
The unique identifier of the group containing the term store.
Specifies whether to continue the operation if an error occurs during deletion.
Format of the access level, such as "read", "write", or "admin".
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the review reply.
The unique identifier for the custom column.
The user-agent string that identifies the client or application making the request.
The unique identifier for a location.
The name of the load balancer.
maximum number of entries to return
Retrieve the bucket task board format associated with the specified groups.
The date associated with the OCP (Azure Batch Compute Platform) operation, used to identify or reference the specific job deletion event.
Maximum number of tracks to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the proactive detection configuration to be updated.
The unique identifier of the workbook's drive item.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be patched.
Specifies the sorting order for the items related to the package.
The name of the virtual network that the app (or deployment slot) is connected to.
The number of backups to return per page.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the calendar.
The unique identifier of the drive item to be acted upon.
The version of the API being used.
Search query to retrieve versions from drives
The maximum number of results to return for the request.
The unique identifier of the section.
Specifies whether dependent resources should be deleted when the secret is removed.
Retrieves information about all payment runs with optional filtering using query parameters. Supports filtering by field values, including null values for string fields.
The name of the HDI cluster for which configuration information is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the access package resource to be deleted from the identity governance system.
An array containing access package resources retrieved from the identity governance system.
The maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the job preparation or job release task to complete on each compute node.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the client configuration to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the restaurant.
A list of tag keys to filter the snapshot copy grants by.
The maximum number of content key policies to return.
The unique identifier of the site.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The number of items to skip in the result set.
The navigation property 'mydecisions' in the accessreviews entity is updated with the provided accessreview ID.
lists all instances in the managed instance group, each with a current action indicating the ongoing operation (e.g., creating, restarting).
The name of the workspace.
The name of the database being returned.
The number of results per page (max 100).
Filter to apply when retrieving subscriptions from the drive.
retrieves the list of region resources available to the specified project. to decrease latency for this method, you can optionally omit any unneeded information from the response by using a field mask. this practice is especially recommended for unused quota information ( the ` items. quotas ` field ). to exclude one or more fields, set your request's ` fields ` query parameter to only include the fields you need. for example, to only include the ` id ` and ` self
The unique identifier for the contact to be updated.
The page number of the results to return.
The name of the replica for which logs are to be retrieved.
the image detail search api lets you search on bing and get back insights about an image, such as webpages that include the image. this section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request insights of images and the json response objects that contain them
The slot identifier for the hybrid connection configuration.
The name of the resource to update.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
retrieves the specified document from the envelope. if the account has the highlight data changes feature enabled, there is an option to request that any changes in the envelope be highlighted
The secret key used to authenticate and update the existing profile.
Ordering criteria for the directories retrieved from applications.
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve a list of attachments associated with groups.
Number of members to retrieve
The date and time after which events should have occurred.
A token to specify the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription containing the CDN profiles.
The parameter describes the resource group name, which is a string used to organize and manage AWS resources.
The unique identifier for the HMAC key.
The unique identifier for the alert rule.
The parameter describes the geolocation data associated with a user's notes in the bunq system, represented as a string.
Specifies the date and time after which the job schedule was last modified. Only job schedules modified after this timestamp will be returned.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property devicecompliancepolicystates associated with users.
The maximum number of records to return.
For each interval, the data available is examined and significant values are returned. Each interval can produce up to 5 values if they are unique: the first value in the interval, the last value, the highest value, the lowest value, and at most one exceptional point (bad status or digital state).
The name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.
The maximum number of loggers to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the assessment.
The unit of measurement for the distance, either 'km' for kilometers or 'miles' for miles.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Number of policies that apply to the specified resource or condition.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property accesspackageresourceroles under identitygovernance.
The operation for a web app
The name of the resource group.
Retrieve shipment method details from financial records.
The parameter 'name' is a string used to filter and retrieve a user list by the specified user name.
The name of the resource group to which the deployment belongs.
The version of the API to be unregistered.
The unique identifier for the store.
The name of the backup policy to be updated.
The number of permission grants retrieved from groups.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
The code used to identify and sort the family variants.
The unique identifier for the column in which to create the card.
The parameter 'name' refers to the specific function for which details are being retrieved.
API key for authentication between API and CRM system for user-specific operations.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter $expand specifies the related resources or details to include in the response, allowing for more detailed data retrieval.
Retrieve role definitions from the device management system.
The propagation policy for the deletion of the mutating webhook configuration.
The namespace to be deleted, specified as a string.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The API version for updating container group tags.
The TPP signature certificate used for authentication and signing the cancellation request.
The unique identifier for the user profile.
The unique identifier of the term in the term store.
Specifies the maximum number of insights to return in the response.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the vendor associated with the financials record.
Number of classes to retrieve
Specifies the identifier to match for deleting navigation property overrides related to users.
The name of the resource group for which the current network topology is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the sales instruction associated with the collection of rooms.
Specifies the field by which to sort the results.
List of section groups to include in the response
The name of the DDoS protection plan to be deleted.
The set of properties that can be updated are a subset of the properties that were specified at the time of creating the service.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the analysis services server instance.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter describes the customer user agent for creating domestic payments.
Converts British National Grid easting and northing coordinates (osgb36) to WGS84 latitude and longitude.
The subscription ID is a unique identifier for an Azure subscription.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of a workbook chart, which is used to specify the chart for which the navigation property valueaxis is to be deleted.
The account name associated with the volume.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies a condition to match against the DNS zone's identifier.
The duration in seconds that the system waits before terminating the pod during a disruption.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified onenotesection resource.
Order by parameter for sorting named locations.
The name of the origin to be created within the CDN endpoint.
Specifies the field or fields to sort the results by, in ascending or descending order.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the onenotepage with the specified id.
Custom field item information
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the extension.
The if-match header is used to perform an operation only if the resource's ETag matches the specified value.
Name of the information protection policy
The unique identifier of the user to which the navigation property is being added.
The name parameter specifies the zone for the instance.
The name parameter represents the resource group name for the app.
The name of the disk to be deleted.
The project identifier for which the autoscaler will be updated.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Indicates whether the user principal name (UPN) is used to identify the filesystem paths.
The timeout parameter specifies the duration in seconds to wait for the operation to complete.
The job ID associated with the task counts.
The unique identifier for the application from which the prebuilt domain's models will be deleted.
The name of the configuration to be applied.
The unique identifier for the user whose details are to be updated.
format of the pronunciation text output
A token used to retrieve the next page of results for a paginated list of interconnect attachments.
Search term for retrieving localizations from branding.
Filter the results by summary information for a system package using the provided inventory ID.
The data source for retrieving the list of item categories.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of models linked to the event store.
Retrieve the parent notebook associated with the user, returning an array of notebook details.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Filters the alerts based on specified criteria for resource groups stored in a particular location.
Retrieve an array of calendars associated with the user.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
Excludes entities belonging to the specified category from the annotation results.
Order by the specified field for sorting the results.
The hostname of the Android device.
The unique identifier of the list within the site.
The name of the resource group where the hybrid connection is located.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter specifies the version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for a sales instruction, used to link and retrieve all associated features.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
Creates an authorisation sub-resource and initiates the consent authorisation process, potentially including authentication and authorisation data. This method is used iteratively in corporate contexts for multi-factor SCA, with each iteration creating a separate authorisation sub-endpoint for each PSU involved. The ASPSP may automatically generate the authorisation resource, making this method optional.
The navigation property font in workbooks to be updated.
The parameter 'salesquote - id' is a string used to identify the sales quote for which the media content associated with the navigation property 'picture' in financials should be updated.
The unique identifier for the managed app registration.
The unique identifier for the group.
Specifies a token to skip ahead in the result set, allowing pagination through large datasets.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB SQL stored procedure to create or update.
A unique identifier for the experiment run.
The version of the API to use for the request.
A string parameter used as a callback function.
Filter to apply to the series from workbooks.
generates draft or posted billing documents for a specified account. you can also generate billing documents for specified subscriptions of a specified account. the billing documents contain invoices and credit memos. to generate credit memos, you must have the invoice settlement feature enabled. * * note
The parameter describes the unique identifier for an event, used to retrieve exception occurrences associated with a specific group.
The transmission type of the recently active cars (within the past 90 days) that match the search criteria.
The name of the resource group containing the supported VPN devices.
This endpoint provides itemized receipts, including contributions from individuals. For a more complete description of all Schedule A records, visit [About Receipts Data](https://www.fec.gov/campaign-finance-data/about-campaign-finance-data/).
The name of the virtual network to be added or updated.
The version of the API to use for creating the resource.
The date range for which the daily metric values are requested.
The unique identifier of the gist to be unstarred.
Number of OAuth2 permission grants associated with the service principal.
Name of the network watcher resource.
The user to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group that contains the team services project.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra keyspace to be deleted.
The parameter 'id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for the device management script device state.
The customer payment journal ID to be updated in the navigation property.
The name of the resource group for the specified deployment.
The unique identifier for the teams app installation.
The name of the SQL Server registration.
The unique identifier for the import operation.
The navigation property members in teams that needs to be updated, identified by the unique identifier (ID) of the conversation member.
The version of the API being used.
error stacktrace details
The name of the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the web property or view (profile) from which the user will be removed.
The report type for which metadata is to be retrieved.
The navigation property attachments in users
The identifier of the contact folder to update.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Indicates whether to perform a dry run, which simulates the operation without making actual changes.
Specifies the related entities to include in the response.
Specifies the major version of the query parameter.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The authorization parameter is used to acknowledge consent notifications, particularly in scenarios where consent has been revoked or expired.
minimum manganese content required in the recipe, specified as a number representing the amount in milligrams
The navigation property item in financials to be updated, identified by the salesinvoiceline ID.
The navigation property projects in me is updated with the specified project participation ID.
The name of the deployment to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the tag to which the release note will be added.
The version of the application type for which service types are being retrieved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the client application registered in Azure AD.
The name of the service type to retrieve information for.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresource in identity governance.
simulates how a set of IAM policies attached to an IAM entity (such as a user, group, or role) interact with a list of API operations and AWS resources to determine the effective permissions.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
The availability status of the hosting environment name.
The unique identifier of the driveItem to retrieve.
A collection of purchase orders.
Copies the specified section to a section group.
Unique identifier for the request to delete the route resource.
Retrieve the major gridlines settings from the workbooks.
The project identifier where the target HTTP proxy resource will be created.
The name of the manager whose extended information is to be deleted.
name: The name of the operation.
A unique identifier for the event, typically used for quick reference or lookup.
scope: Specifies the permissions requested for the user's account. Acceptable values include: 'identity.readonly' (read-only access to the identity service), 'identity.write' (write access to the identity service), 'listening.readonly' (read-only access to the listening service).
The value of the application property associated with the specified commit.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial picture is being retrieved.
Creates a new cluster from a snapshot. By default, Amazon Redshift creates the resulting cluster with the same configuration as the original cluster from which the snapshot was created, except that the new cluster is created with the default cluster security and parameter groups. After Amazon Redshift creates the cluster, you can modify its configuration as needed.
The duration in seconds to wait before deleting the collection of csistoragecapacity.
The unique identifier for the unified role management policy.
The number of rooms belonging to this property or block.
The name of the resource group to check for existence.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the current user's context.
The certificate in raw bytes format used for generating the verification code for proof of possession.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The district key to filter the teams by.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the field to sort the assets by.
The parameter 'driveitem-id' is a string type that represents the unique identifier of a drive item, used to specify the target resource for the percentrank action.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property buckettaskboardformat in groups to be updated, identified by the plannertask ID.
The name of the private DNS zone to create or update.
Returns the operation results as a string.
The timestamp (in Unix time) to filter media published after this time.
Specifies the details or metrics to include in the analytics response, allowing for expanded data retrieval.
The name of the application that will receive notifications for account activities.
The maximum number of controller revisions to retain.
The API version string, used to specify the version of the API being invoked.
a list of FPGA image IDs to describe
Retrieve a list of trending items or content based on user activity or preferences.
The unique identifier of the shared drive item.
Specifies whether null values should be sorted last.
The name of the public certificate to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the chat message.
lists the merged pull request that introduced the commit to the repository. if the commit is not present in the default branch, additionally returns open pull requests associated with the commit. the results may include open and closed pull requests. additional preview headers may be required to see certain details for associated pull requests, such as whether a pull request is in a draft state.
The name of the CDN endpoint to be updated.
The year of the report being filed.
The maximum number of cards to return in the response.
The unique identifier for the merchant, used to track and manage transactions or requests.
The identifier of the API version set for which details are to be retrieved.
Specifies the field selector for filtering the collection of deployments to be deleted.
The number of agents to return per page.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Specifies the field by which results should be ordered.
The navigation property sectiongroups in sites that needs to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the table to retrieve from the data lake analytics catalog.
unique identifier for the resource or operation
A filter to specify the names of time series values to retrieve.
Ordering criteria for the transitivememberof results.
The name of the authorization rule to be retrieved.
Indicates whether to perform a dry run. If set to true, the request will be validated without making actual changes.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
Minimum latitude for the search query.
The name of the virtual network gateway.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted.
The name of the resource group where the HDInsight cluster is located.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property parentnotebook is to be updated.
The name of the blueprint to be published.
The parameter describes the pricebook for the API integration with CRM, specifically related to the lifetime pricing structure.
format of the current week of the NFL season, typically updated on Tuesday nights or Wednesday mornings at midnight ET
Authentication token for accessing the audit log data.
Use these tools to test, debug, or trace bot categories. Malformed requests—such as exceeding input size limits or providing an invalid client name—return a 400 error code. An error code of 412 is returned if the bot is not compiled or does not exist.
The namespace name for the notification hub.
The unique identifier for the organization from which extensions are to be retrieved.
The path to the device associated with the express route circuit.
Indicates whether the update should be performed in dry-run mode, simulating the changes without applying them.
The number of messagerules to retrieve, specifying the limit for the result set.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the managed app policy.
returns a share permission for a filter. a filter can be shared with groups, projects, all logged-in users, or the public. sharing with all logged-in users or the public is known as a global share permission. this operation can be accessed anonymously. * * [permissions](#permissions) required: * none, however, a share permission is only returned for: * filters owned by the user. * filters shared with a group that the user is a member of. * filters shared with a private project that the user has * browse access to.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The URL used for accessing the sites.
The unique identifier for the group.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
maximum longitude value to filter gridded data file entries
Specifies the filtering criteria for community content, where integer values represent different filter types (e.g., popular, recent, trending).
The name of the managed cluster resource.
The name of the resource group.
The name parameter specifies the name of the resource group associated with the flow log.
Broadcast date in YYYY/MM/DD format
The description of the tag within the scope of the API.
The unique identifier for the card.
The name of the VPN connection to retrieve details for.
The navigation property line for workbooks to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the spatial anchors account.
Specifies the maximum time to wait for the operation to complete, in seconds.
The number of section groups to retrieve.
The batch service does not allow a task to remain in the active state for more than 7 days. Therefore, if you enable a job containing active tasks which were added more than 7 days ago, those tasks will be automatically terminated.
Specifies whether to match the verification code for proof of possession.
Retrieve a list of access package catalogs from the identity governance system.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
The parameter 'top' is an integer that specifies the number of managed devices to retrieve.
The project identifier for which router resources are being retrieved.
End date for fetching usage data (format: YYYY-MM-DD)
Sorts the results by the specified field.
The zone associated with the nodegroup resource to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the store where the clicks are tracked.
Number of charts to retrieve.
Number of records to skip for pagination
The ID of the team to delete the discussion from.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
filters the collection of health events reported on the deployed application based on health state
The unique identifier for the term in the term store.
The timeframe for which statistics about the conversion are to be retrieved.
The number of tasks to retrieve.
The name of the resource group containing the service fabric application type version.
The unique identifier for the managed mobile app.
The project identifier.
The database identifier for the substance study summary.
The unique identifier for the user app install status.
The name of the local network gateway to retrieve.
The version of the policy to retrieve. If not specified, the latest version is returned.
The unique identifier of the drive item representing the workbook.
moves a folder under a new resource parent. returns an operation which can be used to track the progress of the folder move workflow. upon success the operation response field will be populated with the moved folder. upon failure, a FolderOperationError categorizing the failure cause will be returned - if the failure occurs synchronously then the FolderOperationError will be returned via the status details field and if it occurs asynchronously then
This parameter identifies the facility's NPDES permit ID, which is used to track and manage water discharges from industrial and municipal sources. It is derived from spatial data and linked to EPA's Office of Water Attains system for water quality monitoring.
The parameter describes an array used to specify additional data to include in the response, typically for related entities or nested objects.
information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported
The unique identifier of the shared drive item from which activities are retrieved.
a variety of information about the tweet specified by the requested id
The unique identifier for the item.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The number of instances to abandon from the managed instance group.
The date parameter is mandatory and should be provided in ISO 8601 format. Alternatively, a different date format can be specified using the `date-format` parameter.
The unique identifier for the operation performed on the web app.
The parameter 'agentnum' is an integer used to specify the agent number in the command.
The name of the fabric to be updated in the ASR network mapping.
The starting point for the list of users, used for pagination.
The number of records to return per page.
user-agent string used to manage attachment notes
The parameter describes a navigation property named 'grouppolicyconfiguration' with an ID of type string, used to associate device management configurations with assignments.
The unique identifier for the device from which the video stream is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the mail folder to be copied.
The name of the activation used for the downloaded product.
Retrieve a list of conditional access policies with expanded details.
Top-left coordinates for the nearby search area.
The parameter describes the SSL certificate resource to be deleted within a specified region.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the employment record.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property analytics for drives.
The name of the server where the database will be deleted.
A token used to retrieve the next page of test cases in a paginated response.
The name of the Azure Cognitive Search service for which the query API keys are being retrieved.
The name of the repository containing the artifact.
search query parameter to filter articles by text content
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The fields to include in the audit results.
filter parameter to specify the pages to retrieve from sites
The navigation property currency in financials should be updated with the provided sales order ID.
The authorization header used for authenticating the request.
The unique identifier for the merchant center account.
The unique identifier for the employer.
Retrieve section groups associated with sites, returning an array of section group data.
The unique identifier for the repricing rule.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the user whose navigation property 'notebooks' is to be updated.
number of tasks to retrieve
Number of records to skip for the result set
starts asynchronous cancellation on a long-running operation. the server makes a best effort to cancel the operation, but success is not guaranteed. if the server doesn't support this method, it returns `google.rpc.code.unimplemented`. clients can use operations.getoperation or other methods to check whether the cancellation succeeded or whether the operation completed despite cancellation. on successful cancellation, the operation is not deleted; instead, it becomes an operation with an operation.error value with a google.rpc.status containing the cancellation status.
The name of the private endpoint connection to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the onenotepage.
retrieves the list of table types from the data lake analytics catalog
The unique identifier of the user whose section groups are to be deleted.
The current status of the curation reviews for the institution.
Unique identifier for a specific spot list.
The geolocation information associated with the attachment, typically in a string format.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the finspace resource from which metadata tags will be removed.
The name of the resource group that contains the action group.
Maximum number of items to return in the response.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the transitivemembers for groups.
An array of mobile threat defense connectors retrieved from the device management system.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
An array of fill details from workbooks, typically used to define background or cell coloring properties.
The unique identifier of the section group to be updated.
The ID of the project to restore, which must have a lifecycle state of delete_requested.
The unique identifier for the run from which tags will be deleted.
The name of the backend address pool for the load balancer.
The unique identifier for the site whose navigation property pages are to be updated.
The name of the artifact source used in the Azure Resource Manager template.
number of entries to skip from the beginning of the result set
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The language used by the bunq client.
The name of the share to which the synchronization setting is added or updated.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve a list of OneNote resources from the specified groups.
The language setting for the user's authentication credential.
The number of dedicated cloud nodes to retrieve in the list.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Filter to apply on the policy states.
The parameter describes the resource group name where the subscription's action rules are created, and it is used to filter and list action rules based on the specified input criteria.
Indicates whether the route directions should be corrected to match the correct side of the road.
The unique identifier for the contact in the Xero organisation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
page number of the results to return (default = 1)
The URL of the Drone CI service to be set for the project.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve section groups.
Determines whether the streaming endpoint should automatically start when created.
The labels to be set on the target regional disk.
The maximum index value used in the net pay report query.
Specifies the enable status for the x-api2crm-data feature.
The number of instances to retrieve from the groups.
The unique identifier of the project containing the trained iteration to be exported.
filter parameter to retrieve an aggregated list of node templates
The unique identifier of the item activity.
The API version used to retrieve all runs for a registry.
The version of the Azure Resource Manager API to use for the validation.
The page number of the results to return.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the packet capture to create and start.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the search service to be deleted.
The date for which the SharePoint site usage details are requested.
Updates a web app with the specified mask.
The parameter 'datasource' specifies the data source to use for retrieving the invited attendees.
The unique identifier for the planner plan.
list of order documents, possibly filtered, with support for paging
The identifier for the access package assignment policy.
An array containing lines retrieved from workbooks.
A comma-separated list of fully qualified names of fields to be updated. If omitted, all modifiable fields will be updated.
The agent number used to identify the agent's TFTP configuration.
Specifies the number of access packages to return.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
Name of the resource to be updated.
The unique identifier for the vendor.
Filter systems based on installed packages, specifically targeting system profiles and SAP SIDs.
The name of the SAP monitor.
The version of the API being used for updating the express route cross connection tags.
API key for authentication, required to access the service.
The name of the lock to be created or retrieved at the resource group level.
A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you can use to ensure the idempotency of the request.
A string parameter used to filter recipes based on dietary preferences or restrictions.
The unique identifier of the event in the calendar view.
The unique identifier for a watershed boundary in the USGS Watershed Boundary Dataset.
The API version to use for the request.
The period for which the device usage distribution user counts are retrieved.
number of users to return per page
indicates whether the ATM accepts International Maestro cards (1 = yes, 0 = no)
The unique identifier for the site to which the navigation property is being created.
A string pattern used to match branch names for restrictions.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The ID of the managed service identity resource.
Authentication token for accessing the landlord's invoice PDF.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property activity reference is to be deleted.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the vault associated with the iSCSI connection to be revoked.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The maximum number of package versions to return.
The latitude of the northwest corner of the search box.
filter operations from me
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.
The ID of the workbook chart from which to retrieve minor gridlines.
The name of the application.
offset is an integer parameter used to specify the starting point for retrieving media items associated with a tag.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the user whose instances are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the instance whose maintenance event is being rescheduled.
The name of the service used to display the status of all items within a feed.
The duration to wait before terminating the pod.
The unique identifier of the transit gateway attachment to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the user initiating the reboot action.
The maximum number of provisioning records to retrieve from the audit logs.
The name of the server administrator.
The scope defines the context or boundary for which charges are listed.
The name of the resource group.
A token used to retrieve the next set of results when paginating through the alarm history.
The path of the parent resource.
The project identifier for the resource.
A selector to restrict the list of returned objects by their fields. Defaults to everything.
The name of the resource group containing the site.
Ordering criteria for sectiongroups retrieved from users.
The name of the resource group that contains the IoT hub.
The unique identifier for the custom field item.
The name of the resource group where the CDN endpoint is located.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies whether to delete the dependent resources when deleting the collection of secrets.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve an entity from the domains using the provided key, returning the result as an array.
Specifies the search criteria for retrieving documents, with the format depending on the chosen query parser (e.g., simple, structured, lucene, or full-text).
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Filter to apply to retrieve applicable systems for advisories.
API user for aspdotnetstorefront integration
Each task must have a unique identifier. The batch service may return results in a different order than the tasks were submitted. If the server times out or the connection is closed, the request might have been partially or fully processed, or not at all. In such cases, the user should re-issue the request. It is the user's responsibility to handle failures correctly during retries, including using the same task IDs to avoid duplicates.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
Search for entries in the property database using the specified property ID.
The unique identifier for the group to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the DB subnet group to modify.
The date when the property sale entry was created, formatted as a string.
The version of the API used to interact with the Azure Cosmos DB service.
The maximum number of versions to retrieve from the shares.
The date when the landsat satellite data entry was last modified.
filter to apply when retrieving pages from sites
Returns all tasks from the system.
A unique identifier for the request.
The name of the backup to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the repository invitation.
The name of the lab where the disk will be created or replaced.
The ID of the container that contains the variable.
The name of the resource group that contains the web app.
A unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage the request lifecycle.
Number of sections to skip
The number of records to return.
Indicates whether the gene is directly associated with a taxon.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the cluster where database principals permissions are to be removed.
The navigation property tasks in the planner, identified by the specified ID, is updated.
The revision number of the holiday scheme to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the label to retrieve examples for.
The number of resources to skip for the current result set.
The navigation property assigned to task board format for the specified planner bucket.
Number of events to skip
Specifies the field(s) to sort the alerts by; default is lastmodifieddatetime.
The unique identifier of the access package associated with the navigation property.
The unique identifier for the proposal to which new deals are being added.
The maximum number of results to return in the response.
This parameter provides detailed information about the charge associated with a subscription, including pricing, billing cycles, and any related financial details.
The unique identifier for the event.
Specifies the field by which the results should be ordered.
list all comments on a team discussion. oauth access tokens require the ` read : discussion ` scope. note: you can also specify a team by ` org_id ` and ` team_id ` using the route ` get /organizations/{org_id}/teams/{team_id}/discussions/{discussion_number}/comments`.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy state.
Specifies whether to include templates associated with the document in the envelope.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the mail folder.
The name of the location.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to filter or categorize server side files during the search operation.
A string parameter used to query for articles.
unique identifier for the utilization report
An array containing token issuance policies associated with applications.
The slot identifier for starting network packet capture.
The API version to use for the request.
The API version for retrieving associated load balancer network interfaces.
The user parameter represents the identifier or username associated with the ontology tag being saved.
The down payment amount required for financing a car, specified as a string.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a unified role assignment request, specifically used to delete the reference to the navigation property target schedule associated with the role management.
The version of the API being used.
The maximum number of results to return.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
page number of the results to fetch
The unique identifier for the authorization server.
A unique identifier for the logger to be attached.
A unique identifier for the request, which helps in tracking and managing the request.
The parameter 'training-key' is a string that represents the key used for training purposes, which identifies the specific domain or dataset being utilized in the system.
The version of the API to use for the operation.
The origin location of the route.
The quantity reserved for the variant.
Authentication token used to authorize the request.
The name of the integration service environment containing the managed API.
The unique identifier for the transaction.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the creative field.
Filter criteria for retrieving instances from identity governance.
Specifies the order in which reports are sorted.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
retrieves the list of region resources available to the specified project. to decrease latency for this method, you can optionally omit any unneeded information from the response by using a field mask. this practice is especially recommended for unused quota information ( the ` items. quotas `
Indicates whether the operation should be validated without actually creating the endpoints. When set to true, it checks the request for validity but does not create the endpoints.
Search query for retrieving task folders from users.
The namespace of the provider that created the event subscriptions.
Number of tasks to skip
The unique identifier for the organization contact.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The authorization token required for the request.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The current line of credit available to the user.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
Minimum latitude to filter quicktime video entries.
The unique identifier for the device management script device state.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the section group.
name: applicationName type: string
The version of the API to use for retrieving the list of processes.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the event being tentatively accepted.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Array of tabs from chats
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The scope for which the budget is being retrieved.
The duration, in seconds, to wait for the operation to complete.
The owner of the mesh that contains the virtual gateway.
The unique identifier for the project to which the images and tags are associated.
The authorization token used to authenticate the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the workspaces.
The number of pages to retrieve images for.
The version of the databrew recipe to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the request.
number of SSL certificates to take
The unique identifier of the API operation for which the policy configuration is to be deleted.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item.
A token that specifies the starting point for the next set of results in a paged response.
The maximum number of records to include in the response.
Number of records to skip for the result set
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the age-based leave record to be edited.
The navigation property 'majorgridlines' in the workbooks resource that corresponds to the specified drive item identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier for the company whose competitors are being queried.
Returns diseases associated with a publication.
The unique identifier for the user.
The authorization token required to access the employer's state information.
The unique identifier for the store.
The unique identifier for the data source whose user data point changes are being queried.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a print task, used to delete the associated navigation property 'tasks' within the context of a print object.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Filter room participants by the date they were last updated, where the date is greater than or equal to the specified value.
A unique identifier for the substance composition data.
The job ID used to identify the job.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for users.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter describes the expansion of related entities or properties for the parent section group in the context of sites.
Parameter description: Specifies the type of resources to return, either facilities or clusters, based on the search criteria.
The unique identifier for the store associated with the rule to be deleted.
list issues across owned and member repositories assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will be an
The username is the OAuth application's `client_id`, and the password is its `client_secret`.
The namespace parameter specifies the AWS service or resource namespace for which the IAM policy assignments are being listed.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
use this API endpoint if you have multiple business locations in your company. the results are returned in pages. use the offset and limit parameters to control the page start and size. default offset is 0, and limit is 20. use the other query parameters to optionally filter the results list. to leverage the search by serviceid, setup locationservice's see endpoints in this controller. location services allow you to exclude company scoped services for locations that don't offer them. you can explicitly define which services are offered or if none
The unique identifier for the permission group to be removed.
The parameter specifies the selection criteria or filter for retrieving job preparation and job release task status information across compute nodes.
A filter to specify the task ID for querying tasks in the Service Fabric platform.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of a unified role eligibility request, which is used to reference an application scope within the role management system.
The shielded instance identity of the specified instance.
Retrieves the total count of messages.
An array of candidate IDs associated with the special expenditures reported in schedule F.
Number of sections to skip for pagination.
The geographical area or location associated with the resource.
The unique identifier for the REST API.
The name of the resource for the SignalR service.
specifies a commit in an AWS CodeCommit repository with sourceBuildInformation   specifies a build in an AWS CodeBuild with sourceBuildInformation and buildConfiguration   specifies a source bundle in S3 with sourceBundle
The name of the domain to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the cluster from which the node pool will be deleted.
The ID of the onenotesection to update.
The unique identifier for the OpenID Connect provider.
A token that specifies the page of results to return.
lists virtual tapes in your virtual tape library (vtl) and your virtual tape shelf (vts). You specify the tapes to list by specifying one or more tape Amazon Resource Names (ARNs). If you don't specify a tape ARN, the operation lists all virtual tapes in both your vtl and vts. This operation supports pagination. By default, the operation returns a maximum of up to 100 tapes. You can optionally specify the limit parameter in the body to limit the number of tapes in the response. If the number of tapes
The name of the API management service to be deleted.
The identity parameter specifies the unique identifier for the sync list permission being fetched.
The ID of the section group to copy to.
The unique identifier for the programme.
The name of the workflow for which the trigger schema is being retrieved.
The status of the proxy session.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) for an access package resource request within the identity governance context, specifically used to reference a connected organization.
The name of the resource group where the virtual network gateway will be created or updated.
The scope for the assignment specifies where the policy is applied, such as at the subscription or resource group level.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the version to be released.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the location.
A unique identifier used for tracking and correlating requests within the system, particularly useful for debugging and monitoring purposes.
The navigation property 'parentsectiongroup' of the 'onenotesection' with the specified ID.
filter parameter to retrieve all attachments from the system
Maximum number of audio channels supported for the audio stream.
Number of activities to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The period parameter specifies the time range for which the OneDrive activity user details are retrieved. It is provided as a string in the format "D" (days), "W" (weeks), or "M" (months).
The version of the API being used.
The location of the subscription for which supported orchestrators are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the site whose navigation property sections are to be updated.
The unique identifier of the item activity.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests. for more information, see [specifying conditional headers for blob service operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for-blob-service-operations).
This operation is only available if you have [invoice settlement] enabled. The invoice settlement feature is generally used to manage and settle invoices efficiently.
The name of the resource group.
The path to the style to be deleted.
The authorization status of the CIS job.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
Maximum latitude value to filter incident entries.
The name of the container in which the stored procedure exists.
Specifies whether to include the count of entities in the response.
The unique identifier for a facility, obtained from a previous get_facilities or get_facility_info query, used to retrieve the facility's geographic data in GeoJSON format.
The unique identifier of the attachment to be deleted.
The reason for blacklisting or unblacklisting the entity.
The audio sample rate for the video stream in hertz.
The unique identifier for the access package.
The number of memberships to return per page.
The name of the storage account for which properties are being retrieved.
The parent parameter specifies the organization resource for which to retrieve custom constraints.
The identifier for the access package assignment policy associated with the identity governance navigation property.
Specifies the duration to wait for the operation to complete, in seconds.
The unique identifier for the application version.
Indicates whether to include only active remarketing lists in the response.
The name of the VPN gateway to reset the primary for.
Specifies the related entities to include in the response, such as department or project details.
The name of the route filter to create or update.
The navigation property localizations in agreements that needs to be updated.
The version of the API to use.
The unique identifier for the group.
Returns full details on the layout of a single planetary colony, including links, pins, and routes. Planetary information is only recalculated when the colony is viewed through the client, so updates will not occur until this action is taken. This route is cached for up to 600 seconds.
The version of the API being used for the configuration upgrade request.
Fields related to card attachments
The version of the API to use for the request.
Sort order for the subscriptions (e.g., ascending or descending).
An array of candidate IDs associated with electioneering communications costs aggregates.
The name of the resource group where the virtual machine image template is located.
The virtual machine image offer to retrieve skus for.
Specifies the condition for matching, where 'none' indicates no match is required.
The unique identifier for the group from which sections are to be retrieved.
The unique identifier of the notebook associated with the groups.
A word that is connected or associated with another word or concept.
The unique identifier for the checklist.
The unique identifier of the case to which the non-custodial data source is being added.
Retrieve currency information from financial data records.
page number of the results to fetch
Number of content types to retrieve.
Filter criteria for retrieving tasks from the planner.
Retrieve extensions associated with users.
Checks if the user with the specified user ID has the required permissions for a story collaborator. Returns HTTP status 204 (No Content) if permission is granted, or 403 (Forbidden) if access is denied.
The parameter describes a string identifier for the navigation property 'itemactivityold' related to shares, specifically used to delete a list of associated list items.
The unique identifier for the expense claim whose history records are to be retrieved.
This parameter specifies the name of the service fabric stateless or stateful service to be created under a specified service fabric application.
Filter the multivalue extended properties based on specified criteria.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property accesspackageresource in identity governance.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the workbook chart to be cleared.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the peering configuration for the Express Route circuit.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Filter criteria for retrieving a list of integration account maps.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the group to which the navigation property is being added.
The unique identifier for the agreement whose navigation property file is to be deleted.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the calendar navigation property of users.
The field parameter specifies the field name used to retrieve tokens.
The unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the event.
The offset from which to start retrieving payment instruments.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The name parameter represents the resource group name.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Filter criteria for retrieving definitions from device management.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a user flow language page, used to retrieve media content associated with the default pages navigation property within the identity context.
An array of agents retrieved from the on-premises publishing profiles.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests. for more information, see [specifying conditional headers for blob service operations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/specifying-conditional-headers-for-blob-service-operations).
The parameter describes the expansion of related data for parent section groups within sites, typically used to include additional nested information in the response.
The page number of the results to fetch.
The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the breakpoint.
The index of the audio stream within the HLS playlist.
The name of the resource group that contains the network interface.
The unique identifier for the company whose financial picture is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the event being tentatively accepted.
List of related resources to include in the response.
number of sectiongroups to retrieve
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving exception occurrences
The unique identifier for the group from which pages are to be retrieved.
Authorization token required to access the patient's profile details.
The parameter 'parent' is a string that identifies the parent entity from which multiple rows will be deleted.
The unique identifier for the section group.
update the status of a meeting
Indicates whether to summarize errors during the creation or update of tax rates.
Specifies the field used to sort the list of network attachment resources.
The name of the invoice to retrieve.
gets information about the load balancer target groups for the specified auto scaling group. to determine the availability of registered instances, use the state element in the response. when you attach a target group to an auto scaling group, the initial state value is adding. the state transitions to added after all auto scaling instances are registered with the target group. if elastic load balancing health checks are enabled for the auto scaling group, the state transitions to inservice after at least one auto scaling instance passes
filter: Specifies the criteria to filter policy tracked resources within the resource group.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
Specifies the expand query parameter for the request, which controls the level of detail included in the response.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy state.
The version of the API to use for exporting device identities.
The subscription key used to access the API.
The API version to use for the request.
The name of the virtual network gateway to update.
Search query to retrieve entities from contacts
The unique identifier for the thread to be marked as read.
The navigation property resource in governanceroledefinitions that needs to be updated.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the workspace associated with the artifact.
The maximum time to wait for the operation to complete, specified in milliseconds.
Creates a new DB instance from a DB snapshot, restoring most of the source's original configuration such as default security group and DB parameter group. By default, the new instance is created as a single-AZ deployment, except for SQL Server instances that have specific configurations.
The unique identifier of the group to delete the navigation property singlevalueextendedproperties from.
Number of review comments to return per page.
The unique identifier for the site.
The navigation property datalabels in workbooks that is to be updated, identified by the workbook name item ID.
The grantee principal in the grant is an Amazon Web Services service, such as Amazon S3 or Amazon EC2, that is authorized to use the KMS key.
The unique identifier for the email alert to be deleted.
filter parameter to specify the criteria for retrieving pages from groups
The version of the API being used for the add-on.
Indicates whether the response should include a unique identifier for the client request.
The starting point for the list of service offerings.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The identifier of the access package assignment request.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property customer in financials.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results
The timeout value in milliseconds for the request.
The version of the API used to retrieve configuration differences between two web app slots.
The timeout value to be set for the account operation. If not specified, the default value will be applied.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of an access package assignment policy within the identity governance context, specifically used to reference a resource environment associated with an access package.
The project on which permissions are being checked.
The name of the object to be stored.
The unique identifier for the publisher in the marketplace.
Number of role management policies retrieved from the policies.
Specifies the behavior when no match is found for a query or condition.
Retrieve extensions associated with users.
The unique identifier for the project to which the images will be added.
The file suffix to filter geojson entries by.
The name of the deployment slot to which the virtual network connection is being added or updated.
The unique identifier for a smart group, used to filter alerts based on the group's membership.
token for retrieving the next page of results in a paginated response
The parameter specifies the content owner for which the resources are being retrieved, allowing access to resources owned by a specific entity.
An array containing calendar data retrieved from users.
The unique identifier for the project.
revokes ingress from a dbsecuritygroup for previously authorized IP ranges or EC2 or VPC security groups. Required parameters for this API are one of CIDRIP, EC2SecurityGroupId for VPC, or (EC2SecurityGroupOwnerId and either EC2SecurityGroupName or EC2SecurityGroupId).
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the attachment to be updated in the groups' navigation property.
The name of the network interface.
The API version to use for the request.
The key of the object for which the access control list (ACL) is being retrieved.
The navigation property 'parentsection' of the current user's OneNote section, identified by the provided ID.
The name of the disk whose access is to be revoked.
The unique identifier for the application.
The MIME type for the Accept header in the request.
The region for the bunq API, used to specify the geographical location of the user's account.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine.
The parameter description is: The task identifier for the API2CRM data build process.
Specifies the date and time that the task file was last modified, used to filter results based on modification timestamp.
A string representing a system key used to identify or manage timer handlers.
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be checked for visibility.
navigation property to settingstates for devicemanagement
The height of the product in the specified unit.
The unique identifier for the site.
The maximum number of results to return for the request.
The maximum number of public keys to return.
The unique identifier of the drive item to concatenate.
The unique identifier for the group from which to retrieve the transitive members.
list of content categories, possibly filtered, with support for paging
The unique identifier for the workbook worksheet.
The name parameter is a string used to search for entries of type image.
The navigation property 'pages' in sites that is being updated, identified by the unique ID 'onenotepage - id1', refers to a specific collection of pages within a site's structure. This update operation modifies the relationship or content associated with these pages, typically used in scenarios involving OneNote integration within a SharePoint or Microsoft 365 environment.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the trending content.
The search query string used to filter single value extended properties from groups.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The name of the filter to create or update.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the virtual machine extension.
The number of top comments to retrieve for the issue associated with the specified API.
The maximum number of new orders to return in the response.
lists the calling account's current verified and pending destination phone numbers in the sms sandbox.
Indicates whether there are additional pages of data lake store accounts beyond the current page.
Specifies the marker for pagination, used to retrieve the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the partner associated with the inventory source.
The singlevaluelegacyextendedproperty ID used to retrieve a specific extended property from a user's profile.
The unique identifier for the deprovisioning setting associated with the device management.
The unique identifier for the group from which to retrieve single value extended properties.
Indicates whether the case is federal (e.g., "Y" for yes, "N" for no).
The version of the API to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
The API version identifier as a string.
The starting position for retrieving genotypes associated with a phenotype.
The name of the policy assignment.
The name of the resource group that contains the web site.
The name of the resource group where the load balancer is located.
Returns the aggregate for quotes.
Specifies the maximum number of entries to return in the response.
Number of detected applications from the user.
The last manifest in the repository.
The parameter describes a string value used to trace and span operations within the ZAP (Zed Attack Proxy) system, specifically for tracking user activities related to scraper targets that have member privileges.
The unique identifier for the access control rule to be updated.
The status of the command being expanded.
The unique identifier for the device shell script action.
The unique identifier of the group.
Filter to apply to the gallery images list.
The unique identifier for the resource definition to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
Specifies caching behavior for the request, controlling how and when the response is cached.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the record to be updated.
The multivalueLegacyExtendedProperty ID used to retrieve the multivalue extended properties from users.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
Specifies the ETag value to use for conditional deletion of the indexer, ensuring it only deletes if the current ETag matches.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the reference of the navigation property in the privilegedapproval request.
field selector for filtering the list of custom resource definitions
The ETag value to match. If the current entity's ETag does not match the value specified, the operation will not be performed.
The name parameter specifies the slot for which the hostname binding is being created.
returns users with moderator powers who were elected, excluding SE employees unless they were elected before employment; sorts by reputation (default), creation date, display name, or last modified date
API version for listing virtual machines
Number of results per page (default: 30)
The type of the traffic manager endpoint (e.g., 'azurefrontdoor', 'custom', 'servicefabric').
The version of the API to use for the request.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the AWS account.
The starting point for the list of best selling products.
The unique identifier for the workflow to be updated.
The number of tasks to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the scope for which the private endpoint connection is being retrieved.
subscribe/unsubscribe nodes for notifications; maximum number of subscriptions is 200
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property title associated with workbooks.
The number of jobs to return per page.
The list of tag keys to remove from the specified resources.
The name of the authorization to create or update.
The status of the mobile app installation.
The number of assets to return per page.
The identifier for the access package resource role.
The scope of the policy assignment to be deleted.
A cursor used to fetch the next page of results, representing the ID of the last device in the previous page.
Creates a new navigation property reference to the column positions for a drive, identified by the drive ID.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
A comma-separated list of attributes to include in the response.
The access token used for authentication to retrieve all newsletters.
Specifies the duration, in seconds, to wait for a response before timing out the request.
Flag indicating the sensitivity level of the case.
retrieves a single standards profile for the associated seller
The temporary OAuth verifier code used to obtain an access token.
Retrieve a list of OAuth 2.0 permission grants associated with users.
updates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in the request. this operation is marked as done when the group is patched even if the instances in the group are still in the process of being patched. you must separately verify the status of the individual instances with the listmanagedinstances method. this method supports patch semantics and uses the json merge patch format and processing rules. if you update your group to specify a new template or instance configuration, it's possible that your intended specification for each vm in the group is different
Unique identifier for the report, specific to AU organizations.
Minimum longitude value for filtering notebook entries.
The unique identifier for the access package catalog.
The API version to use for the request.
Filter to retrieve token issuance policies associated with applications.
The name of the resource group that contains the storage account.
The firewall policy to be moved.
The version of the API to use for the request.
the identity and number of contributors to the log group
limits the number of notifications returned
The unique identifier for the subscription.
This parameter specifies the data loss mode for the partition. It determines the extent of data loss, such as removing only a quorum of replicas, which may result in partial data loss depending on the replication strategy and configuration.
information about the source of the health report and property on which it is reported
The name of the route table to retrieve routes from.
The name of the resource group where the NAT gateway is located.
The name of the resource group associated with the application configuration.
The user ID used to retrieve the managed device mobile app configuration states.
The version of the API being used for enabling HTTPS delivery of the custom domain.
The unique identifier for the enrollment configuration assignment.
The unique identifier of the workbook named item for which the font navigation property is to be deleted.
select threads from groups
The name of the resource group.
Creates a new navigation property to sections for the specified section group ID.
The name of the resource group.
The name of the factory.
A unique identifier for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Authentication token for accessing the API.
A token used to continue retrieving partition information in subsequent requests, enabling pagination through large datasets.
The ID of the customer group for which the tier price is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the access package.
The unique identifier of the planner task associated with the bucket task board format to be deleted.
Retrieve detailed statistics for a specific single send by providing its unique identifier. Optionally filter results by specifying a start and end date.
The unique identifier for the service resource.
The `access_token` parameter is no longer supported in the path. It must now be sent in the request body for security reasons.
The unique identifier of the site for which the navigation property activities is to be deleted.
The name of the group for which service-related metrics are being retrieved.
Number of sender signatures to list
The name of the template used for push notification messages.
The API version used for listing forecast charges by subscription ID.
The name of the scaled-out instance.
A search query string used to filter the results, supporting various search operators and fields to narrow down the resources within the specified scope.
Filter for specific event types in the node event list.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the schema used for the code binding source URI.
The region for which the list of target HTTPS proxy resources is retrieved.
The unique identifier for the default managed app protection configuration.
The name of the service associated with the resources.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
the name of the load balancer to which you want to add availability zones
The name of the container instance within the container group.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results when listing configuration sets.
The version of the API being accessed, which can specify a particular version for the web site or a deployment slot.
The unique identifier of the user to create a new navigation property to sectiongroups.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response, allowing for deeper exploration of associated data.
The name of the resource group where the virtual hub is located.
The unique identifier used by Zuora to track the revenue schedule.
Specifies the order in which the calendar view results should be returned.
The version of the API to use for the request.
modify a setting for an amazon aurora db cluster. you can change one or more database configuration parameters by specifying these parameters and the new values in the request. for more information on amazon aurora, see what is amazon aurora? in the amazon aurora user guide. this action only applies to aurora
Specifies the quality of the preview image, ranging from 1 to 100, where 100 represents the highest quality.
An array of version details to be expanded in the response.
Retrieve exception occurrences from groups as an array.
The number of results to return.
update an existing OS policy assignment; this method creates a new revision of the OS policy assignment and returns a long-running operation (LRO) containing rollout details. The rollout can be canceled by canceling the LRO. For more information, see [method: projects.locations.osPolicyAssignments.operations.cancel](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/osconfig/rest/v1alpha/projects.locations.osPolicyAssignments.operations.cancel).
Specifies the Slack service configuration for handling project issue events.
The name of the sync group to create or update.
search query for entities in privileged roles
maximum number of results to return
The parent experiment or environment to which the new experiment belongs.
The update operation can be used to update the sku, encryption, access tier, or tags for a storage account. It can also be used to map the account to a custom domain. Only one custom domain is supported per storage account; the replacement or change of a custom domain is not supported. To replace an old custom domain, the old value must be cleared or unregistered before a new value can be set.
The identifier of the cache policy you want to delete.
The unique identifier for the user whose multivalue extended properties are being retrieved.
The location parameter specifies the geographical region or zone where the domain transfer operation will be performed.
Duration in seconds for capturing network packets (to be deprecated).
API key for authenticating the request to retrieve listing media by ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 'p_feay' is of type number and is used to specify a search criterion for filtering facilities or clusters.
The version of the API being used.
limits the number of datasource records returned in the response
The maximum number of results to return.
retrieves the list of region resources available to the specified project. to decrease latency, optionally omit unneeded information using a field mask. especially recommended for unused quota information (the `items.quotas` field). to exclude specific fields, use the `fields` query parameter to include only required fields, such as `id` and `selflink`.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the attribute set being assigned to the group.
The unique identifier for the web element.
Specifies the date and time of the last modification to the pool, used for conditional requests to check if the resource has been modified since that time.
A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. Most APIs support a filter expression that contains either match or compare operations against named fields of the response, using the non-strict W3C XML Schema definition language. The expressions also support common set-based operations. For example, to filter Compute Engine instances listed in the response, you can provide a filter expression that includes the instance name.
Filter the results based on specified criteria for user experience analytics app health device performance details.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The maximum number of deployments to return.
The path to the object for which headers are to be retrieved.
The parameter describes the recorder configuration related to the SD card.
Attaches one or more Classic Load Balancers to the specified Auto Scaling group. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling registers the running instances with these Classic Load Balancers.
search criteria for active auction cars, including geographic location, year, make, model, specifications, and VIN or taxonomy VIN for similar car searches
The unique identifier for the governance role assignment.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the resource.
Each report provides a summary of financial data from Form 3, Form 3X, and Form 3P, including key metrics such as cash on hand, outstanding debts, total receipts, and total disbursements, which are essential for assessing a committee's financial health.
The name of the express route cross connection to be updated.
The name of the resource group to list log files for.
The navigation property 'sectiongroups' for the specified site will be deleted.
An array containing Microsoft Authenticator methods associated with a user.
The maximum number of results to return.
implementation details - this is implemented as a query to the go/amigo solr instance, supporting IDs such as zfin:zdb-gene-050417-357; note that while amigo golr natively stores MGI annotations as mgi:mgi:nn, the standard for Biolink is mgi:nnnn, so use the latter format.
The unique identifier for the project.
The unique identifier for the workbook named item.
Returns the description of specific Amazon FSx file systems if a FileSystemIds value is provided. Otherwise, returns descriptions of all file systems owned by your AWS account in the AWS region of the endpoint being called. When retrieving all file system descriptions, you can optionally specify the MaxResults parameter to limit the number of descriptions in a response. If more file system descriptions remain, Amazon FSx returns a NextToken value in the response, which can be used to retrieve the next set of results.
Creates a new navigation property linked to attachments for the specified event ID, which is of type string.
The unique identifier for the education submission resource.
The navigation property versions in shares that needs to be updated, identified by the list item version ID.
patches the specified firewall policy with the provided data
Updates the stack set with your changes, allowing for modifications to be applied even if prior operations fail within specified tolerance limits.
Specifies the date and time that the resource was last modified, used to filter results based on modification.
Specifies the navigation properties to include in the response.
The number of agents to be added.
The unique identifier for the alert whose history is being retrieved.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the group for which navigation property sections are to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the service fabric application.
The tag name must not exceed 512 characters and is case insensitive. It cannot have a prefix of microsoft, azure, or windows, as these are reserved for tags created by Azure.
The resource name of the parent Firebase project.
The unique identifier for the project.
JSON array containing search queries and parameters to be used for searching across journal fields such as title, identifiers, subjects, language, rights, and publisher.
The parameter $expand specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The current status of the customer profile.
Specifies the maximum amount of time to wait for the operation to complete, in seconds.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
Search query to retrieve children from workbooks
Retrieve an array of pictures from the financial records.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name parameter is used to specify the name of the resource.
The project identifier for the instance from which the disk will be detached.
The unique identifier for the script to be updated.
list of placement strategies, possibly filtered, with support for paging
The name of the account to be created.
Updates the information of a specific call queue.
The name of the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the label.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Ordering parameter for sorting the extensions retrieved from groups.
limits the number of results returned in a single response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The parameter 't' is an integer used to specify the timeout duration in seconds for stopping the container gracefully.
The maximum time allowed for the task to complete before it is terminated.
The merchant ID associated with the line item that is being rejected.
The number of entities to skip in the result set.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Indicates whether the landing page feature is enabled or not.
The name of the service type to retrieve information for.
The unique identifier for the entity whose name needs to be updated.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for the person annotation, used to specify which navigation property 'notes' should be deleted.
The Azure region where the virtual machine extension image version is located.
number of messages to skip
The maximum time allowed for the pool to complete its operations before timing out.
The parameter description is: The environment setting to be expanded.
Number of records to skip
The ID(s) of the item(s) to be removed from the collection.
The navigation property sections in sites that need to be updated.
Retrieve an array of sections associated with the user.
The version of the API being used.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting navigation property mentions related to groups.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
The new visibility timeout value for the message, which must be between 0 seconds (immediately available) and 12 hours (43,200 seconds). This parameter overrides the current visibility timeout and determines how long the message will remain invisible to other consumers.
The unique identifier for the site.
The unique identifier for the macOS software update account summary.
The sectiongroup ID to be deleted.
The project ID for which the subnetwork is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the user whose pages navigation property media content is being retrieved.
Array of drug identifiers collected from DrugBank.
The maximum number of templates to return.
The bank fee associated with the currency conversion.
when specifying rollbackstack, you preserve the state of previously provisioned resources when an operation fails. you can check the status of the stack through the describestacks api. rolls back the specified stack to the last known stable state from create_failed or update_failed stack statuses. this operation will delete a stack if it doesn't contain a last known stable state. a last known stable state includes any status in a *_complete. this includes
The certificate cannot be deleted if it is currently in use by any resource, such as a pool or compute node. Ensure the certificate is not associated with any existing pools, is not installed on any compute nodes (note that removal from a pool does not automatically remove it from compute nodes until they restart), and no running tasks depend on the certificate. Attempting to delete a certificate in use will result in the deletion failing, and the certificate status will change to deletefailed.
Specifies the network security group to retrieve.
The unique identifier for the file.
URL pointing to a 1024x576 px image of the vehicle's engine.
token for retrieving the next page of results when listing image IDs in a repository
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the project milestone.
Indicates whether the near Earth object is currently active or not.
center point coordinates as a string, specifying the geographic center of the image in the format "latitude,longitude"
The name of the resource group containing the web app.
Retrieve a list of subscriptions associated with the drive.
Number of user entities to skip before starting to return results
The starting point for the returned collection.
The unique identifier for the onenotepage.
The name of the virtual machine for which extensions are to be retrieved.
page number for pagination
during an upgrade, the batch service upgrades each compute node in the pool. when a compute node is chosen for upgrade, any tasks running on that node are removed from the node and returned to the queue to be rerun later (or on a different compute node). the node will be unavailable until the upgrade is complete. this operation results in temporarily reduced pool capacity as nodes are taken out of service to be upgraded. although the batch service tries to avoid upgrading all compute nodes at the same time,
The unique identifier for the site.
Specifies whether to copy the tags from the source DB cluster snapshot to the target DB cluster snapshot.
The number of records to skip.
list issues in an organization assigned to the authenticated user. * * note * * : github's rest api v3 considers every pull request an issue, but not every issue is a pull request. for this reason, " issues " endpoints may return both issues and pull requests in the response. you can identify pull requests by the ` pull _ request ` key. be aware that the ` id ` of a pull request returned from " issues " endpoints will
Creates a new navigation property to exceptionoccurrences for the specified event ID.
The unique identifier for the message to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
An array of expanded rule details extracted from the policies.
The start datetime for the calendar view.
Retrieve a list of access packages from the identity governance system.
The number of records to return.
A query string used to search for long-lived curated collections of programmes and more, such as collections, seasons, franchises, and galleries.
number of sections to retrieve
The supported modes for the specified purpose, if a patient is found.
The name of the service associated with the product.
The unique identifier for the attachment.
The navigation property to access package resource roles for identity governance.
Specifies whether to return the client request ID in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the patient management record.
The authorization header to authenticate the request.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the fields to include in the returned notes.
The parameter 'stream' is a string that identifies the specific stream for which errors are to be fetched.
capture funds from the customer for the current order total. this method should be called after the merchant verifies that they are able and ready to start shipping the order. this method blocks until a response is received from the payment processor. if this method succeeds, the merchant is guaranteed to receive funds for the order after shipment. if the request fails, it can be retried or the order may be cancelled. this method cannot be called after the entire order is already shipped. a rejected error code is returned when the payment service provider has declined the charge
The scope to list exports for.
The region associated with the bunq card.
The name of the resource group that contains the backup to be deleted.
The name of the analyzer used to identify the archive rule to be updated.
The unique identifier for the user whose device management troubleshooting events are being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the notebook from which sections are to be retrieved.
The name of the add-on to retrieve.
The unique identifier of the package to be dissociated from the Amazon ES domain.
The unique identifier for the tenant.
The unique identifier for the media source to retrieve the video stream.
Resets the configuration settings of the current slot if they were previously modified by calling the API with POST.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
Specifies the maximum number of items to return with each call.
Forcefully update the status of the specified ingress without waiting for confirmation.
The status of the data query jobs to filter the results.
Number of audio channels in the stream.
filterstation is used to specify the CRS code of the station from which departures are to be retrieved.
The date and time that the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
filter parameter to get all job definitions for the specified data service name
Specifies the field by which the history entries should be sorted.
The identifier of the API version set for which details are to be retrieved.
Specifies the maximum number of routines to return.
provides hovercard information when authenticated through basic auth or oauth with the `repo` scope. you can find out more about someone in relation to their pull requests, issues, repositories, and organizations. the `subject_type` and `subject_id` parameters provide context for the person's hovercard, which returns more information than without the parameters. for example, if you wanted to find out more about `octocat`, you could use these parameters to get detailed insights into their activity and contributions.
The name of the virtual WAN to be updated.
The name of the storage account for which SAS credentials are being listed.
The name of the account associated with the volume.
The name of the deployment being upgraded.
The name of the service to create or update the API version set for.
The unique identifier for the advertiser.
The operation to delete a network mapping
The expand parameter specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related sections or metadata.
The unique identifier for the API cache to be deleted.
The region associated with the bunq service.
A unique identifier provided by the client to track the request.
Retrieve a list of Windows Update Catalog items from the device management system.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Maximum number of entries to return in the search results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the function definition to be deleted.
The name of the service endpoint policy to be deleted.
The subscription ID used to identify the user's subscription.
A token that specifies the page of results to return.
The name of the keyspace within the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The authentication token required to access the specific payment batch details.
Retrieve section groups associated with sites, returning the result as an array.
The time offset in minutes from the current time to filter arrivals and departures.
The version of the API being used.
The field selector for filtering routes based on specific fields.
Retrieves an array of user security profiles from the security system.
Queries policy states for the subscription level policy definition.
Indicates whether the extension is deprecated.
returns the suggested edits a users in { ids } have submitted. { ids } can contain up to 100 semicolon delimited ids, to find ids programatically look for user _ id on user or shallow _ user objects. the sorts accepted by this method operate on the follow fields of the suggested _ edit object : - creation - creation _ date - approval - approval _ date does not return unapproved suggested _ edits - rejection - rejection _ date does not return
The name of the resource group to retrieve interface endpoints for.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the configuration in which the feature flag or setting will be created.
The number of routes returned by the API, specifying the maximum number of alternative routes to generate for the given start and end points.
The unique identifier for the company account in the financials system.
Lists repository notifications for the authenticated user.
Verifies the possession of the private key for the certificate by using the leaf certificate issued by a previously uploaded certificate.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results
The unique identifier for the file whose labels are to be modified.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The name of the resource for which the connection setting registration is being retrieved.
Specifies the order in which the results should be returned, based on the specified property.
Ordering parameter for the list of taught classes, specifying the field to sort by.
The identifier for the access package assignment in the identity governance system.
lists the teams who have access to protected branches
The path to the GTM zone in the GTM workspace.
The currency used for pricing in the country.
Each report provides a summary of financial data from Form 3, Form 3X, and Form 3P, including key metrics such as cash on hand, outstanding debts, total receipts, and total disbursements, which help assess a committee's financial health.
The username parameter represents the user's identifier for token information retrieval.
The unique identifier for the API operation policy.
The version of the API used for the deployment.
The version of the API to use for this request.
token for pagination
The name parameter represents the slot identifier for a specific scaled-out instance within a web site.
The unique identifier for the onenotesection.
The name of the hub associated with the specified relationship link.
reports the number of lookups consumed on a key for a range of days. this method requires a `user_token`, which can be found on your [accounts page](https://ideal-postcodes.co.uk/account). a maximum interval of 90 days can be provided for analysis. if no start or end date is provided,
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Specifies caching behavior for the request.
The unique identifier for the user associated with the token.
The API key used to authenticate requests for the subaccount.
The version of the API being used.
name of the redis node to be rebooted
The maximum number of results to return in a list response.
Creates a new navigation property to endpoints for print service with the specified ID.
latitude coordinate for case location filter
Ordering criteria for the sections retrieved from users.
The page number of the results to retrieve.
search query for filtering swap shift change requests by team
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The region associated with the bunq service, typically representing a geographical location or data center.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
sorts the results by a specified field in ascending or descending order
Indicates whether the request should be validated without actually updating the resource.
A token used to authenticate and associate default workspaces with an organization-wide IDP group.
Retrieve multiple extended properties from the current user's context.
The file extension used to filter metadata dictionary entries.
The version of the API being used.
token used for pagination to retrieve the next set of results
name: The name of the operation resource. This parameter is used to specify the operation to be listed or retrieved, and it supports custom resource name schemes via binding overrides in service configuration.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the workbook chart.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment policy.
The name of the availability set to create or update.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual machine and network security group.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment.
The name of the resource group where the data box edge/gateway device is located.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a purchase invoice line in the financials system, used to specify which navigation property account to delete.
The unique identifier (GUID) of the service principal to which the owner will be added.
The transaction ID returned is the same as that passed in the /auth/on-init request. The auth.status indicates whether the authentication request was granted or denied. The auth.accessToken is specific to the purpose mentioned in the /auth/init and must be used for initiating the intended action, such as HIP-initiated linking of care contexts.
The name of the session to be deleted.
search_query: The search term or keyword to look for in the code across repositories.
The name of the bucket to be created.
Specifies the related entities to be included in the response.
A list of logs related to a specific entry.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the resource group containing the virtual network peering.
name: supportticketname   type: string   description: The name of the support ticket.
Order by the specified property for sorting the results.
The maximum number of remediations to return.
The OAuth Authorizations API is deprecated and will be discontinued. Use the web application flow to create personal access tokens and OAuth tokens instead.
Sort order for credited users in the video (e.g., ascending, descending).
The parameter p_act is a string that specifies the search criteria for filtering facilities or clusters.
End date for filtering forms
The region where the subnetwork is located.
The expand parameter is used to specify additional related data to include in the response.
Maximum number of postal addresses to generate.
The identifier of the schema for which the entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
The name of the P2S VPN gateway.
The parameter describes the association of an elastic IP address or carrier IP address with an EC2 instance or a network interface, which is required after allocating the IP address to your account.
Unique identifier for the client request, used to track and manage session deletion.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The unique identifier for the account.
The API version to use for the request.
The version number of the maps API raster service.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to filter windowshelloforbusinessmethods from the me endpoint.
The unique identifier for the shared drive item.
The unique identifier for the managed device.
The version of the API to use when making the request.
The version of the API being used.
Retrieve a single value extended property from the users collection.
The unique identifier (ID) of the directory object to which the policy applies.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the resource group where the API management service instance is located.
An array of domain names for the company websites to retrieve feed information.
The unique identifier for the joining rule to be updated.
Specifies the timestamp to end the retrieval of historical records, filtering results before this time.
search term for retrieving single value extended properties from users
The name of the resource group for the backup schedule.
Specifies the related entities to include in the response, allowing for deeper traversal of related data.
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
The name of the namespace containing the event hub.
The unique identifier for the client's request.
token for the next set of results, if there are any
Indicates whether to return a brief representation of the users, typically including only essential fields.
The unique identifier for the request to update share settings of the reservation.
The name of the service to be created or updated.
extended information or additional details related to the reverse geocoding result
The version of the API being used for querying policy states.
The Google Cloud project ID.
Returns a paginated list of contexts for a custom field. Contexts can be filtered by:   - No parameters: returns all contexts.   - `id` parameter: returns contexts matching the provided IDs.   - `isanyissuetype`: limits results to contexts applicable to any issue type.
The name of the resource group containing the service to be deleted.
The maximum allowable amount of copper in milligrams that the recipes should not exceed.
The name of the server associated with the database replication link.
The name of the service fabric node for which the service packages information is being retrieved.
An array containing user configurations retrieved from the current user's settings.
The if-match header for conditional requests, used to prevent conflicts during updates.
The maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the validation process to complete before timing out.
The name of the virtual machine to be shut down.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page to be copied into a notebook.
The value of the tag to be deleted from the subscription resource.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return.
The number of results to return per page.
The environment key used to identify and retrieve a specific user segment.
The unique identifier for the application sign-in detailed summary report.
Whether to watch for changes to the objects.
The unique identifier for the product to be updated.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Search query to retrieve sublabels from data classification.
An array of access package resource environments retrieved from the identity governance system.
The name of the service used to remove an existing user from a group.
The unique identifier for the OneNote page.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The number of pictures to retrieve from the financials data.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the web security entry being updated.
The unique identifier of the issue.
The unique identifier for the SSL certificate request.
Indicates whether to search for simple whole foods such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, grains, meat, fish, and dairy.
The unique identifier for the step to be retrieved.
The date when the control points file was last changed.
The unique identifier for the group policy presentation.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the email address to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the planner bucket associated with the user.
An array of tasks to be expanded with additional details.
filters the leave applications based on the specified condition
The number of top sections to retrieve from the groups.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return in a single call.
The navigation property parentnotebook for the specified onenotepage identified by the given id.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the version of the application from which example utterances are to be retrieved for review.
The unique identifier for the term to which the navigation property reference is being deleted.
The version of the API to be invoked.
The unique identifier for the multiplex, represented as a string.
creates an Amazon Aurora DB cluster from MySQL data stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. Amazon RDS must be authorized to access the Amazon S3 bucket, and the data must be created using the Percona XtraBackup utility as described in migrating data from MySQL by using an Amazon S3 bucket in the Amazon Aurora user guide. This action only restores the DB cluster, not the DB instances for that DB cluster. You must invoke the CreateDBInstance action to create DB instances for the restored cluster.
The zone in which the network endpoint group is located.
The deployment slot name for which the public certificate is to be retrieved.
The unique identifier for the approval step navigation property to be deleted for users.
The name of the resource to update.
The date when the home page entry was last changed.
The unique identifier for the DB instance to be modified.
The unique identifier for the employer to be updated.
The locale identifier for the intent to be removed.
The ID of the drive item to perform the action on.
The parameter describes the list of users associated with a Zoom account.
The unique identifier for the event.
The event ID used to retrieve the associated extensions.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
An array of disease cohorts to filter the analysis result reports.
The unique identifier for the section group to be linked to the site.
The parameter description is: The geographical point for which the isochrone should be calculated, specified as latitude,longitude.
The unique identifier for the API whose entity state (etag) version is being retrieved.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the job.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned, based on the specified property.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Filters the usage details by department ID for a specific scope and billing period, with data available only for dates on or after May 1, 2014.
Specifies whether partial success is allowed. If set to true, the API will return a response even if some operations fail.
The name of the workspace to retrieve batch artifacts storage for.
The name of the resource group containing the load balancer network interfaces.
Specifies whether uninitialized objects should be included in the list or watch results.
Indicates whether the person should not be contacted.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the app for which the connection strings are retrieved.
The number of items to return.
Specifies whether to include shared cluster snapshots in the response.
Filter faxes by creation date, greater than or equal to the specified date.
The unique identifier for the long-running operation.
The name of the resource group where the API management service is located.
The date for which the report is generated, formatted as a string.
One or more network insights analysis IDs.
controls the page format settings used to print the postage label and associated documents; certain combinations may prevent associated documents from being printed together with the postage label within a single document
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
API key for authentication
The name of the Azure Cosmos DB account.
The name of the attachment.
The number of top installed applications to retrieve.
A token used to retrieve the next page of results in a paginated response.
The version of the API for which the custom domain SSL certificate is being uploaded.
search query for filtering entities in authentication method configurations
Indicates whether to return only the results, excluding additional metadata.
Specifies the maximum number of IAM groups to return in each page of the response.
Number of calendars to skip for pagination.
Specifies whether to return partial success results if the request fails.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the asynchronous operation.
Creates a VPC endpoint service configuration that allows service consumers (AWS accounts, IAM users, and IAM roles) to connect to your service. To create an endpoint service configuration, you must first set up either a network load balancer or a gateway load balancer for your service. Service consumers will connect to your service through an interface endpoint (for network load balancers) or a gateway load balancer endpoint (for gateway load balancers). For detailed information, refer to "VPC Endpoint Services" in the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud documentation.
Specifies the maximum number of records to return.
The API version to use for the request.
The parameter 'vocalist' is a string that specifies the name of the vocalist to filter or retrieve top-rated songs.
Indicates whether the repository notifications are for repositories the user is participating in.
A unique identifier for the request, used to ensure idempotency.
page number of the results to fetch
The name of the Greengrass core device thing.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the device shell script.
The page number for pagination.
The input parameter is a string representing the search query for address autocomplete, typically containing partial or full text of an address, such as "1821 q" in the example. It is used to retrieve matching address suggestions based on the provided input.
The unique identifier for the membership record of the member to be banned.
The filter parameter is used to specify the note ID for retrieving the payroll run note details.
offset is an integer parameter used to specify the starting point for listing events.
Specifies the order in which the results are returned.
The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for the deployment operation to complete.
The parent resource name.
Search query for retrieving activity-based timeout policies from the policies.
Number of subscribers to retrieve.
The name of the immutability policy to create or update.
The calendar ID used to identify the specific calendar for the user.
The subscription ID associated with the database for which the long term retention policy is being retrieved.
A unique identifier for the request. This field is used to ensure idempotency of the request and should be generated by the client.
The unique identifier for the workbook table navigation property to be deleted.
The name of the network watcher resource.
The scope of the registration definition to be deleted.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used to delete a link in the hub.
The name of the tracker resource to be deleted.
The name of the resource group to which the server belongs.
The unique identifier for the file whose updated time will be set to the current server time.
The name of the lab environment setting.
The unique identifier for the site from which to retrieve the parent notebook.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the device compliance script.
The parent resource name for which snapshots are listed.
Disables task scheduling for the specified compute node.
search query string to retrieve event frames based on specified conditions
The entity for which the ACL entry is being retrieved.
The name of the device.
The name of the local network gateway to retrieve.
The API version to use for the request.
The resource version for the collection of cluster roles to be deleted.
The maximum number of results to return per page.
User rights for accessing programme recommendations.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the subscription.
The name of the subnet for which resource navigation links are being retrieved.
The resource group name used to filter the result list. If not provided, all models in the given workspace are returned.
The name of the vault for which extended information is being retrieved.
The number of items to return per page.
Indicates whether the response should include partial success results.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to upgrade.
Filter criteria for resource actions in role management.
Specifies the logger to be deleted, matching the provided name.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the HipChat service configuration for project issue events.
The name of the resource group where the network security group is located.
The parameter describes the unique identifier (ID) of the workbook named item, which is used to specify the navigation property 'worksheet' to be deleted for a particular workbook.
The date and time that the resource was last modified.
minimum length of the entity to be annotated
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The unique identifier for the online meeting associated with the communications navigation property.
pageno
API key used to authenticate requests to the service.
The maximum time, in milliseconds, to wait for the operation to complete.
Filter to apply to the operations from teams.
The API version for the request.
The unique identifier for the committee.
The parent resource for the export operation.
A list of string identifiers used for retrieving global string definitions in a paged format.
Specifies the field used to sort the results.
The name of the redis cache to be deleted.
Aggregate data for tasks, specifically the actual values, in the context of the x-api2crm-data-always-actual parameter.
The name of the task file to retrieve properties for.
The unique identifier of the notebook to be copied.
The API version to use for the request.
The unique identifier for the section group.
Redirects the client to the directory listing of the root directory on the main branch.
Copies the specified section to a section group.
minimum latitude value for filtering shapefile entries by geographic location
Specifies the configuration for cluster autoscaling. If set, the cluster will automatically scale based on demand. Exactly one of `cluster.serve_nodes` or `cluster.cluster_config.cluster_autoscaling_config` can be specified. If `serve_nodes` is set to a non-zero value, the cluster is manually scaled.
The name of the project associated with the urlmap.
An array containing font information extracted from workbooks.
The parameter $top specifies the maximum number of notes to retrieve.
A unique identifier for the client request.
The version of the API being used.
The subscription ID used to identify the Azure subscription.
The parent resource where streams are listed. Format: projects/{project}/locations/{location}
The name of the resource group for the specified interaction.
The parameter 'group' is a string that specifies the group to search for entries of type basic mb point file.
The authorization token required for authenticating the request.
The angle parameter specifies the directional component for calculating the differential intensity, typically representing the polar or azimuthal angle in the coordinate system used by the API.
A token to specify the next page of results.
The parent resource where the source will be created, specified as a project and location.
The navigation property 'sections' for the specified OneNote section, identified by the given ID, will be deleted.
The type of targeting option assigned to the advertiser.
The parameter 'wm_consumer.channel.type' is a string that specifies the channel type for the consumer in the context of the inventory update operation.
Array of fields to include in the response.
The UTC timestamp indicating the end time of the service event.
Indicates whether the operation should be executed without making actual changes.
Filter to apply to the units of measure in financials data.
The parameter $top specifies the number of class references to retrieve from the education data.
The version of the API being used for updating the channel registration.
The version of the API being used.
search query for retrieving alerts from security
The unique identifier for the drive item associated with the workbook.
The name of the resource group containing the managed cluster to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook table column.
maximum resolution to filter video files by, device type to filter video files by, one or more delivery types to filter video files by
The unique identifier for the employer.
maximum number of entries to return
The unique identifier for the recovery point to be recovered.
The name of the resource group for which configuration stores are listed.
The name of the site for which network packets will be captured.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
The unique identifier for the event to be canceled.
List of fields to facet on for gene-phenotype associations.
The name of the resource group.
Language setting for bunq API integration.
The unique identifier for the access package assignment resource role.
The version of the API being used.
Creates a new navigation property to single-value extended properties for the specified event ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the genre to retrieve the on-demand page.
The version of the API used for refreshing the summary of the migrate project.
The name of the service used to retrieve report records by geography.
Start date for the search query, formatted as a string.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the approval step navigation property associated with users.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Fields to include in the response for each site.
The unique identifier for the issue to be updated.
The API version identifier used to access the web app's domain ownership information.
The name of the databrew job to be deleted.
The name of the resource group containing the web app.
The name of the server to be used for creating or updating the job step.
Retrieves the list of activated uses from the role management system.
The unique identifier of the Amazon Chime enterprise account.
The unique identifier for the service principal.
Gets the health information of a service package for a specific application deployed on a Service Fabric node, using the specified policy. Optionally filters health events based on health state using `eventshealthstatefilter`, and allows overriding health policies with `applicationhealthpolicy`.
Unique identifier for the condition.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier of the drive item (workbook) to retrieve the sort information from.
The name of the connection setting to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
Specifies the search criteria for finding PI Points or other resources within the PI System, enabling targeted retrieval of data based on defined filters and conditions.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of section groups in sites.
The name parameter specifies the server name of the database for which auditing settings are being listed.
The unique identifier for the iteration.
Retrieve extensions associated with users, returned as an array.
Specifies the pagination token to retrieve the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The status of the mass action must be pending or processing to be stopped.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Updates the specified commitment with the data included in the request. The update is performed only on the selected fields specified in the update mask. Only the following fields can be modified: auto_renew, name, region, and type.
The unique identifier for the remote server.
The API version to use for the request.
Indicates whether the cars in the result list are owned by the user.
The unique identifier for the device compliance policy.
The parameter description is: a token used for authentication with the SDS service.
The name of the public IP prefix to update.
The unique identifier for the cluster to which the new instance will be added.
The education user ID to retrieve the taught classes.
The maximum time allowed for the operation to complete before timing out.
A token used for pagination to retrieve the next page of results.
The count parameter indicates whether to include the count of direct reports in the response.
The unique identifier for the repository.
The name of the resource group containing the data box edge or data box gateway device.
The unique identifier of the access package resource scope to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the calendar group.
Filter to apply when retrieving subscriptions from sites.
The scope parameter specifies the context or boundary within which the owners are listed, typically defining the specific SM network or domain of interest.
A unique identifier for the request made by the client.
Specifies the number of items to skip before starting to return results.
The API version string used to identify the specific version of the API endpoint for deleting the backup schedule.
The parameter 'x' is used to specify the monetary account ID that the user wants to share with another bunq user through the draft share invite.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the employer whose contract codes are to be retrieved.
The version of the API used to create the certificate.
The unique identifier for the compute node pool.
The name of the resource group that contains the recovery services vault.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
Indicates whether the ads should be active or not.
The unique identifier for the site.
The name of the resource group for which the budget is being retrieved.
The name of the registry to be created.
The new name for the dbproxytargetgroup.
The unique identifier for the customer.
The unique identifier for the drive item.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be deleted.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
retrieve wait statistics for specified aggregation window
The unique identifier for the user whose connections are to be deleted.
Specifies whether to include the count of resources in the response.
The unique identifier for the job.
Search query to find sections within groups
continuationtoken: used to retrieve the next segment of the chaos report; cannot be used with starttimeutc and endtimeutc   starttimeutc: specifies the start time for filtering chaos events; cannot be used with continuationtoken   endtimeutc: specifies the end time for filtering chaos events; cannot be used with continuationtoken
Releases the specified Elastic IP address, automatically disassociating it from any instance it's associated with.
The unique identifier for the domain.
The name of the Kusto cluster for which the list of databases is to be retrieved.
used to manage recipient accounts with transferwise
The name of the resource group.
The API version used to retrieve third-party transactions associated with the specified tag.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response, allowing for deeper exploration of the access package resource scopes.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the team for which the hosted contents navigation property is to be deleted.
The parent resource where the service perimeter will be created, specifying the location and project context.
The unique identifier for the section group to be updated within the specified groups.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the attachment to be deleted.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property itemcategory in financials.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
Specifies the field to sort the time series by.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The version of the API to use for the request.
Retrieve sensitivity policy settings from the information protection configuration.
The entity for which the default object ACL entry is being retrieved.
The name of the resource group associated with the product.
The unique identifier for the drive item version.
returns metadata about all versions of the objects in a bucket. you can also use request parameters as selection criteria to return metadata about a subset of all the object versions. to use this operation, you must have permissions to perform the s3 : listbucketversions action. be aware
Specifies the fields to include in the response, allowing for deeper retrieval of nested data.
The week for which the projected player game stats are being provided, including considerations for injuries, lineups, and DFS salaries.
The language code for which the translation memory in TMX format is to be retrieved.
The availability zone for the new instance.
The type of the parameter 'if-none-match' is string.
A token to retrieve the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the configuration to be deleted.
Number of items to skip in the result set.
The type of source control system (e.g., Git, SVN).
The unique identifier for the application, used to authenticate and track API requests.
The ID of the Amazon S3 on Outposts account.
The name of the managed cluster.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier of the term to update the reference for in the term store.
Indicates whether deleted interests should be included in the result list.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Retrieve a list of teams apps from the Teams platform.
The navigation property sections in sites that needs to be updated.
The parameter 'group' is a string used to specify the group for searching entries of type record text file.
Indicates whether the workflow should be triggered on demand.
The zone in which the instance group is located.
The unique identifier for the record to be retrieved, provided as a string.
The name of the resource group where the environment will be created or updated.
The unique identifier for the purchase invoice in the financials system.
The name of the blueprint assignment to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the navigation property to multivalue extended properties for users.
unique identifier for the request
The name of the resource group containing the web app.
The unique identifier for the job to be updated.
The name of the image to be updated.
The name of the resource group containing the managed cluster.
The page number for pagination, defaults to 1 if not specified.
The unique identifier for the subscription associated with the service instance.
Specifies the related resources to be included in the response.
The version of the API to be used for executing the analysis.
The API version to be used for the request.
The version of the API being used.
The name of the resource group.
Specifies the field to sort the results by.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
queries policy states for the resource
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier used to fetch the next page of spot lists.
page number for pagination
Specifies the related resources to include in the response, allowing for deeper nesting of related data.
javascript functions for validating and submitting posts, enabling client-side validation for faster processing; must be loaded dynamically per user as content is user-specific
The unique identifier for the event.
The name of the proximity placement group.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The timeout duration in seconds for the operation to complete.
The unique identifier for the subscription to be canceled, suspended, or transferred.
The name of the share subscription.
The unique identifier of the access package to be updated.
The unique identifier for the account associated with the goal.
Indicates whether the client request ID should be returned in the response.
The authentication method or token required to perform the update operation on the folder.
The name of the load balancer for which the probe is being retrieved.
The page number of the results to return.
The parameter 'listitem - id' is a string that identifies the specific list item to be linked.
Ordering parameter for sorting the created objects.
The unique identifier for the Outlook task.
The API version for which the policy configuration is being created or updated.
The name of the route filter to be updated.
The name of the email template to be updated.
The unique identifier for the job whose preparation and release task status is being queried.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier for the user consent request.
The unique identifier for the access package resource.
Specifies the number of results to return.
The name of the owner of the error stacktrace details.
The unique identifier for the event associated with the reminder to be dismissed.
The name of the resource group containing the DNS zone.
The timeout value in seconds for the operation to complete before timing out.
The unique identifier of the drive item to apply the bottom items filter on.
Array of expanded file details from agreements
The source security policy from which rules are to be copied.
The location parameter specifies the geographical or logical location for the search resources.
A unique identifier for the request.
The name of the resource group that contains the volume.
The unique identifier for the database account.
The name of the resource group where the data lake analytics account is located.
The API version for creating or updating an integration runtime.
Specifies the maximum number of results to return per page.
The unique identifier for the log drain.
The unique identifier for the pretargeting configuration to be deleted.
A unique identifier for the request, used to trace and debug issues.
The version of the API being used.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
A unique identifier for the contact group to be retrieved.
The version of the API used to retrieve the configuration snapshot.
The maximum number of results to return in a single call.
Specifies the number of results to skip before starting to return results.
The unique identifier of the runner group.
The timeout value for resetting the partition load to the default.
The navigation property 'parentsection' for the specified OneNote page will be removed.
The maximum number of questions to return.
Token for the next page of results.
The unique identifier for the OneNote section to which the content will be copied.
Indicates whether to return short identifiers (e.g., UIDs) or full identifiers (e.g., study instance UIDs) for the DICOM patients.
A token identifying the page of results to return.
The unique identifier for the certificate.
The navigation property 'sectiongroups' for the specified user with the given ID.
The unique identifier of the scoped role membership to be deleted.
Indicates whether the customer has subscribed to the news letter.
The unique identifier for the web resource or item.
The unique identifier for the device, obtained from the /hardware/devices service in the device section.
filter to apply on columns
A unique identifier for the client request.
The date when the entry was created, represented as a string.
The number of labels to return per page.
The unique identifier for the server.
The name of the resource group that contains the HDInsight cluster.
The name of the virtual machine to be shut down, migrated to a new node, and powered back on.
The maximum end date for filtering placements.
The access package assignment resource role ID used to retrieve the access package resource scopes from the identity governance service.
API key for authentication used to count all quotes from the system
The unique identifier for the job.
get instances from users
The page number for pagination.
The name of the resource group.
The parent dataset resource name.
Specifies the maximum number of items to return in the response.
The type of targeting option to be deleted.
The parameter description is: The unique identifier for the event.
The unique identifier for the user app install status.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
Indicates whether the request is a dry run. If set to true, the request will not delete the data feed but will validate the parameters and check permissions.
The unique identifier of the user whose navigation property 'parentnotebook' is to be updated.
The unique identifier for the user.
The unique identifier of the issue within the project.
Retrieve the directory scope associated with role management.
The event key for which to retrieve match keys with timeseries data.
The status indicating whether the user has accepted the terms and conditions on the device.
The name of the Kusto cluster for which the list of databases is to be retrieved.
Number of calendar permissions to retrieve
The username of the user profile for which service fabrics are to be listed.
The unique identifier for the printer from which shares are to be retrieved.
Sorting order for episodes, can be based on group, brand, or series.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the section group.
The name of the virtual machine scale set to perform the rolling upgrade on.
A domain ownership identifier used for verifying domain ownership in a web app, which can be created or updated as needed.
Indicates whether correlation lookup should be skipped.
The parameter 'event-id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for an event in the navigation property.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The API version identifier.
The condition used to monitor the smartgroup.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain for which tags are to be retrieved.
The name of the resource group.
The project on which permissions are being checked.
The unique identifier of the employer.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The navigation property 'parentnotebook' for the specified OneNote section identified by the given ID.
The unique identifier for the extension to be deleted.
retrieves the files and folders that have been moved to the trash. any attribute in the full files or folders objects can be passed in with the `fields` parameter to retrieve those specific attributes that are not returned by default. this endpoint defaults to use offset-based pagination.
A unique identifier for the request, which helps in tracking and managing the disk creation operation.
The shopperid is a numeric identifier with a maximum length of 10 digits, distinct from the customerid which is a UUIDv4.
Specifies the name to match for creating or updating an API version set.
The number of messages opened.
A comma-separated list of tags associated with the fact entry.
The unique identifier of the planner plan associated with the progress task board format.
The unique identifier for the access package resource scope.
The state of the archived cards to list. Can be either `true` or `false`.
Start time for measuring signal quality
The unique identifier for the workbook named item.
The unique identifier for the group.
The unique identifier for the section group to which the content will be copied.
Filter to apply on the query
The Google Cloud region or zone where the node groups are located.
Specifies the ETag value to match for conditional deletion of the multivalue extended properties, ensuring the operation only proceeds if the current state matches the provided ETag.
callback parameter is used to specify a callback function name for handling the response data.
The parameter describes the unique identifier for a OneNote page, used to reference and retrieve specific page content during function execution.
The unique identifier for the notebook.
The name of the resource group to which the domain topic belongs.
The number of results to return per page.
The name of the resource group where the CDN endpoint is located.
name : The name of the cluster, cache security group, or cache parameter group for which events are being retrieved. If not specified, events for all resources are returned.
The unique identifier of the subscription associated with the application gateway.
reasons for transcoding the video stream
Starts chaos in the cluster with the provided parameters if chaos is not already running. Fails with error code fabric_e_chaos_already_running if chaos is already active.
The name of the machine for which the liveness status is being obtained.
The ETag value to match for the navigation property extensions deletion.
Specifies the field to sort the channels by.
Description of the parameter: A string that specifies the search criteria for entries of type remote FTP file view.
The name of the express route circuit.
Filter to apply to the list of videos on an on-demand page.
API version for the delete custom image operation.
API key for authentication.
The date associated with the OCP job.
Rolls back the specified stack to the last known stable state from create_failed or update_failed stack statuses. This operation preserves the state of previously provisioned resources when an operation fails. If the stack does not contain a last known stable state, it will be deleted. A last known stable state includes any status ending in _complete, such as create_complete or update_complete.
The unique identifier for the account profile.
This API returns a list of currently active FSBO (For Sale By Owner) cars based on specified search criteria, with results limited to 5000 rows for pagination support. It enables searching cars by geographic location within a defined radius, filtering by specific year, make, model, or combinations thereof, and supporting multiple year, make, and model filters simultaneously.
The parameter 'onenotesection' is a string that represents the ID of the OneNote section to which the action will be applied.
The unique identifier for the user.
The date associated with the OCP job to be terminated, marking it as completed.
The version of the API being used.
uploads data to be appended to a file, flushes (writes) previously uploaded data to a file, sets properties for a file or directory, or sets access control for a file or directory. data can only be appended to a file. this operation supports conditional HTTP requests.
The number of metadata partitions to return per page.
queries policy states for the resources under the management group
The `committee_id` parameter is used to retrieve the most recent information about a specific committee or filer.
Number of sections to retrieve from the groups.
The region where the target VPN gateway will be created.
Sort order for issue comments, defaulting to ascending by ID.
Filter criteria for accessing access packages.
The API version identifier.
The API version to use for the request.
The expand parameter is an array that specifies additional data to include in the response, such as related resources or detailed information about users.
The unique identifier for the product to be unapproved.
returns a list of your subscription items for a given subscription
An array of album IDs used to find movies and trailers similar to a given trailer.
The identifier for the navigation property accesspackageresource to be deleted.
The maximum number of priority classes that can be deleted at once.
Maximum latitude value to filter assay entries during the search.
The unique identifier of the section to retrieve.
Specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The name of the application gateway to retrieve.
The maximum number of directory audits to retrieve.
The zone associated with the resource for which permissions are being checked.
cycle: the two-year period named after the even-numbered year, which includes the preceding odd-numbered year; used to aggregate financial reports (Form 3, Form 3X, or Form 3P) for a committee.
The unique identifier of the group to update the parent section navigation property for.
The expand parameter specifies the related resources to include in the response.
The parameter describes the version of the API being used for the deletion of the specified subnet.
summarizes policy states for the subscription level policy definition
The unique identifier for the subscription.
Creates a new navigation property linking groups to sections, identified by a unique string ID.
Specifies the condition to match for deleting the navigation property datalabels associated with workbooks.
Filter to retrieve specific attachments from users.
The unique identifier for the snapshot.
The unique identifier for the site.
Indicates whether the route should be a roundtrip, returning to the starting point after reaching the destination.
Specifies the number of records to return.
The name of the lab service runner.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the message to delete navigation property mentions.
The unique identifier for the sales order.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
name: tableauditingpolicyname   type: string   description: The name of the table auditing policy to create or update. Note: Table auditing is deprecated; consider using blob auditing instead.
The filter criteria to specify the organisation's subscription context for retrieving currencies.
The name of the OpenID Connect provider to be updated.
Creates a new navigation property to attachments for the specified event ID.
The parent issue model.
The Swagger definition to be saved, which includes the API specification in OpenAPI format. The version information will be extracted from this definition.
The ID of the workbook named item from which to retrieve the legend.
The unique identifier for the payment method.
The name of the resource group that contains the workspace.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The unique identifier for the buyer creative, which is used to associate or disassociate a deal ID with the creative.
Token used for pagination to get the next set of results.
The unique identifier for the access package.
Specifies whether to include items from all drives for the user.
The site parameter specifies the target site for which the reputation history is being retrieved.
The Google Cloud project ID for which the list of security policy resources is being retrieved.
Filter to narrow down the policy assignments based on specific criteria such as scope or policy definition ID. Valid filter values include 'atScope()' to retrieve assignments at the current scope, or 'policyDefinitionId eq {value}' to filter by a specific policy definition ID. If no filter is provided, all policy assignments associated with the resource group—directly or inherited from parent scopes—are returned, including those applied to resources within the group.
The contact ID to delete the navigation property extensions for.
The name of the resource group.
The unique identifier for the user performing the action.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The name of the environment where the reference data set is located.
The unique identifier for the comment.
The timeout duration in seconds for the request.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
maximum number of results to return
The name of the resource group where the managed cluster will be created or updated.
starts the running of the version of an amazon lookout for vision model
The parameter `return-client-request-id` is a boolean flag that, when set to true, instructs the system to return the client request ID in the response. This can be useful for tracking and debugging requests.
The maximum number of results to return.
Filters the collection of health events reported on the replica based on the health state.
The unique identifier for the subscription.
The name of the service instance for which the quota counter values are to be updated.
Enables the integration of API data to CRM for invoice items.
The Google Cloud project ID.
The URL used to fetch inventory data from dealers.
The name of the value, typically serving as the version identifier for the secret resource.
The name of the API Management service for which the connectivity status is being checked.
The unique identifier of the workbook chart from which to retrieve the legend.
The unique identifier for the access package resource role.
used to manage text notes
The unique identifier for the account permission group.
filter criteria for selecting entities from chats
Maximum number of fastq file entries to return.
API key for authentication with the CRM application.
The name of the alias to be deleted.
The unique identifier for the workbook table.
number of recovery keys to retrieve
a comma-separated list of playlist fields to return
The name of the route filter from which the rule will be deleted.
The name of the workspace to execute the analytics query on.
Indicates whether the search should match the title exactly.
The unique identifier for the Azure subscription.
The unique identifier of the file system for which the backup policy is being updated.
The unique identifier for the event.
count all cases from the system
The unique identifier for the game.
The name of the virtual machine.
Number of records to skip for pagination.
The name of the resource group.
The parameter describes the trace span identifier used within the zap system for tracking operations related to a scraper target's ownership.
Specifies the sorting order for the creative field values.
The navigation property pages in the current user's notebook.
The unique identifier of the mail folder.
The unique identifier for the workbook table column.
The number of items to retrieve.
The name of the service associated with the resources.
The name of the resource group containing the express route circuit.
The name of the location.
The name of the tribe to search for.
The date when the task was last changed.
The namespace of the project.
The name of the resource group.
The scope for which views are to be listed.
The API version to use for the request.
Specifies the condition to match for creating or updating an issue.
The version of the API being used.
The version of the API being used.
Authentication token for the bunq client, used to access and manage scheduled instances.
The unique identifier for the job execution that needs to be updated.
The unique identifier for the user's playback device.